>SEN_3597779 forward
cgtcatcgctatctaccctggcgccaaca
>SEN_3598899 forward
gatggtatctgtgctgaggctgtctcacc
>SEN_16256 forward
ttttcagcctggtctaggtcactctattc
>SEN_3708549 backward
agaccgtgctgtactacaccgctaactac
>SEN_3164880 backward
tgaaggggctctcttcaaccgagcgtgcg
>SEN_2176827 backward
ttgtcgctcagtatgcgaatgaggcattg
>SEN_135479 backward
gtttgacggacaccttaaccgctcgctat
>SEN_3774263 forward
ttcacgactggtttacggttgcgcattga
>SEN_3071612 forward
cttcggcgtagtacttatcctgaatatga
>SEN_17448 forward
caccagaacggagtaagcgggcgctgaga
>SEN_4154872 backward
caccgggatcgcgctgtactgcgcgacac
>SEN_2297514 forward
gcgcgcatcggccctacggtacgtgagct
>SEN_35127 forward
atggttaacatgcccgcaccgcgtgagcc
>SEN_4132204 backward
aaatcacactgttcttaccccgtctactg
>SEN_2617488 forward
gggttcgggcgtccaggtcaatctgctgg
>SEN_4182647 forward
gcgtcagacacaatatggctgtgccaaac
>SEN_4093844 forward
tggttttgctctctatggtagggacccac
>SEN_3841877 backward
gcgatggttggactggagccgctgccact
>SEN_2503739 forward
ccagcgaccagtcctggatcggcatactc
>SEN_3222210 backward
gcctaccgggggcgtacacagtccgatgg
>SEN_3690195 forward
aaaaccttcggccttactgaggtcgatct
>SEN_4443476 backward
ttaacgcgttacctaatgtcgtgcctaaa
>SEN_4355934 forward
gaaggagacagcctatagtattacattgt
>SEN_4289055 forward
taaacgcatcctcctggacaacttgcttt
>SEN_3739544 forward
tgatggagtcgttatgaagcgggtacttg
>SEN_2985133 forward
agtgttctttgcccaatagcgtgcggagt
>SEN_4176734 backward
tgtcattccagtccatgaggagccattag
>SEN_3774682 backward
cctttttacagcccagagagggctcgcca
>SEN_570801 backward
tgcacgagcagtgttaatgtgcgcttcac
>SEN_4493101 backward
tgccggaacaggccagagctaacactggt
>SEN_2311260 backward
cggcgggactgttgtgcatgtttctatat
>SEN_135024 forward
catttggtcgctattgccccgcgctggct
>SEN_4616385 backward
agccagagcagtacagcgccgtgctgatc
>SEN_17456 backward
tctcagcgcccgcttactccgttctggtg
>SEN_3164872 forward
cgcacgctcggttgaagagagccccttca
>SEN_134085 backward
agcataatgtgtcctgagtcacaccattg
>SEN_4355220 backward
ttatcgcccaccgtaccactgtctgagtc
>SEN_4093846 forward
gttttgctctctatggtagggacccacgt
>SEN_3762083 backward
gatgggtccagttctgtatagtcgaatag
>SEN_36022 backward
ccattgatacgtcctgacctggcgcgctt
>SEN_2913584 forward
ggcgcgctcagtgtaggactcaaccccag
>SEN_4176432 backward
tatcattaccctctactaccgggcaaact
>SEN_3893892 backward
gatggtcgtgctgcaaccctgcaggagca
>SEN_134095 backward
tgccagcgcaagcataatgtgtcctgagt
>SEN_3774271 backward
tcaatgcgcaaccgtaaaccagtcgtgaa
>SEN_4055505 forward
aacgcgtactgtctggaacaaccctactg
>SEN_4575630 backward
caatcaagcctgcccggactgtacagtac
>SEN_3577876 forward
gaagtgattgagtatggtcagcatgccga
>SEN_4119430 forward
gttcagcacagtctggcgcgttacgcgga
>SEN_4575620 backward
tgcccggactgtacagtaccggcattaaa
>SEN_4119420 forward
tcaattgcccgttcagcacagtctggcgc
>SEN_3708344 backward
atcttgcacagcactggtgctggcgttga
>SEN_2070361 backward
ctgcgtagcagtgtataggtgggcattgt
>SEN_3691148 backward
cgccttatcaagcctacaccgtacctgta
>SEN_4090608 forward
ccgccgcctacggtaaagcttgcccagtg
>SEN_3690623 backward
gataccgcctcttcatggctaatcgaaaa
>SEN_3652827 forward
atggcggcagatataggactggcggtgat
>SEN_4549519 backward
ggcaagacctgctctgaagcgtcaaaagg
>SEN_3792087 forward
agctcagatggcatagggctggtagattc
>SEN_3794475 forward
gcgattgatacccccacaccatcaagata
>SEN_4616377 forward
gatcagcacggcgctgtactgctctggct
>SEN_4221735 backward
agcggttagcccttcaaatgcgccttccc
>SEN_4055523 backward
aatgcacccccagtagggttgttccagac
>SEN_2811911 forward
gatttgcccgggttaagacagcgtcttcc
>SEN_2070353 forward
acaatgcccacctatacactgctacgcag
>SEN_3172466 forward
agcccaggcagtacaaccattactgggac
>SEN_2913592 backward
ctggggttgagtcctacactgagcgcgcc
>SEN_1644460 forward
aatcagcgtggtgcagatccccatcatgg
>SEN_4181719 forward
gtagtaagtactccagtactgagcgttgg
>SEN_3599272 forward
gcttgccaccatcttagccggtatgcttt
>SEN_1510703 backward
cgtgctggttcccatatagtgataaacgg
>SEN_4156444 forward
ggggaatgcagtccagactggcgaggatt
>SEN_4156614 forward
atattacgcagtgtggtacctccggcaat
>SEN_4055513 backward
cagtagggttgttccagacagtacgcgtt
>SEN_3599115 backward
aaacggccatgacataaactgctgggttc
>SEN_383522 forward
atggcgaccggtgccgttaacggtgtcaa
>SEN_3599084 forward
gagtgactgctccccacactggggaaccc
>SEN_36014 forward
aagcgcgccaggtcaggacgtatcaatgg
>SEN_3172474 backward
gtcccagtaatggttgtactgcctgggct
>SEN_1014887 backward
aaagtggactgtacaggtgggtctattcc
>SEN_3708541 forward
gtagttagcggtgtagtacagcacggtct
>SEN_4132196 forward
cagtagacggggtaagaacagtgtgattt
>SEN_3708336 forward
tcaacgccagcaccagtgctgtgcaagat
>SEN_4340503 backward
attgggagcagtgctacctacaaactgag
>SEN_4356267 backward
gaaggggaatcattaatatcatcctcggt
>SEN_2381734 forward
ggcacgcacagtgtaaggatgcactacca
>SEN_3599092 backward
gggttccccagtgtggggagcagtcactc
>SEN_2371056 forward
cgcaaacatgcacctgtacagtggtgtca
>SEN_3598907 backward
ggtgagacagcctcagcacagataccatc
>SEN_3652835 backward
atcaccgccagtcctatatctgccgccat
>SEN_3718492 backward
tttggggtcagtacaaagtgagcccacct
>SEN_4181727 backward
ccaacgctcagtactggagtacttactac
>SEN_3330637 forward
gcctgcttctcattaagcttctgctcaac
>SEN_4156452 backward
aatcctcgccagtctggactgcattcccc
>SEN_3690615 forward
ttttcgattagccatgaagaggcggtatc
>SEN_4118440 backward
atcaagataacttcaaggatgatgccttt
>SEN_4511045 forward
caatcgaccagattagcaccatcagaatg
>SEN_4679950 forward
ctaagacacggctgtagggagagcttatt
>SEN_4470256 backward
tgctccagcatacgtacaccctgcgcttc
>SEN_4156622 backward
attgccggaggtaccacactgcgtaatat
>t_659383 backward
ggcacgcacagtgtaaggatgcactacca
>t_1226283 forward
aaaatggactgtcttatccggtgcgataa
>t_4447031 backward
gtatgacgtagcttaataccgttatcacg
>t_3923651 backward
agctcagatggcatagggctggtagattc
>t_3622744 forward
atgtcaataaggttaaagttgactggact
>t_1893689 forward
gactcacgcagacctgacttgcgctaaca
>t_3157272 backward
gtcgggggtgggtttatacagcgtccatg
>t_4649470 backward
caattacgcagcgtaatgttgcatcgtcc
>t_4515770 forward
taagaagacggtccagcactggtattgca
>t_542777 forward
gattcagaaaggtctggagtgtagcacta
>t_608579 forward
tgaatgcacagcattaaccaggtcagccc
>t_4499752 backward
ttgtgactgacagtaataccgttcaggtg
>t_3854497 forward
gttatgaacagtacggggcttcatgcgcg
>t_4596254 backward
tgtcggaacaggccagagctaacactggt
>t_3852053 backward
gtggtaatcaggcatagaccgttcctttt
>t_4524308 forward
atcgtataggacataacactgtgtgggca
>t_2718128 forward
cagcttctcagtatgaagctggtcaatgt
>t_3035330 forward
ctgactgagagtctacaactatgccatcc
>t_4071941 forward
aaacatgtaggtgtaaccctgtactttat
>t_3854505 backward
cgcgcatgaagccccgtactgttcataac
>t_35800 forward
ttattagcgtctcctgtcctgcgcagcag
>t_4069133 forward
accaggaacagtccattaccgactaagga
>t_3853760 forward
ctaatgcacagctttcaggttacgattac
>t_3852045 forward
aaaaggaacggtctatgcctgattaccac
>t_2763318 forward
tcctgggaaaggttaagactgggactaaa
>t_2600459 backward
cgatcccactggccaatagtgtgccggag
>t_4705382 forward
ggaatgcacacctttagaccatacttact
>t_3418495 backward
aacgcgtactgtctggaacaaccctactg
>t_3952818 forward
gatgggtccagttctgtatagtcgaatag
>t_3525976 forward
gtatcgaccagttccagtgcgtccagata
>t_3840640 backward
tcatagtgctacctttaacagtgcagggt
>t_4785243 forward
gtaacgaatacgccaggactgtccggtaa
>t_35808 backward
ctgctgcgcaggacaggagacgctaataa
>t_3919943 backward
agcacccggagtgtaaagctcaccattca
>t_3175301 backward
aacctactcactttcatactgagcaatgg
>t_904584 backward
aaatgccactcctttggactgagaacgct
>t_2878462 forward
agagtgaagagggtatggctttacatact
>t_4068291 backward
ctggcgcactgtgcagtggtttgctttac
>t_2367290 backward
gaggcagacagtattaccccgtttgtggc
>t_4497840 backward
agcttgaacagtgctataccgacagggtg
>t_2866781 forward
ggcgcgctcagtgtaggactcaaccccag
>t_4312820 forward
aaaatacacaggctaaagcaacgcaggct
>t_820281 backward
actttcctcacgtttaccctgtgcgctcc
>t_3680133 forward
ttcgttaatggtattacccagcgcggcgg
>t_4379448 forward
agcctgcgctgtgcaggacaggcagcaga
>t_4515778 backward
tgcaataccagtgctggaccgtcttctta
>t_4482172 forward
tgaccactcaggactatagcgagcacatt
>t_343158 forward
catacgattaggccagggctgtgttaaaa
>t_3642652 forward
attgccggaggtaccacactgcgtaatat
>t_2362715 forward
attttgcactggatagtactgcgcgcttt
>t_2718136 backward
acattgaccagcttcatactgagaagctg
>t_4573974 forward
tcttcggtcggtattgccctggtaaaaca
>t_2197445 forward
catcccaccgggattaccctgcccgaact
>t_789893 backward
tacgtcaggaggattacaccgcgcggaag
>t_4382178 backward
tatccaggcgggtctaccctgcgtgtgat
>t_3869433 backward
tttttgaactgccctaagccgcataacac
>t_4382170 forward
atcacacgcagggtagacccgcctggata
>t_4684636 backward
atatcgagcagctatacacatctctgtgc
>t_2864914 backward
ccggacagctgtctaaaggcgtctggttc
>t_4323248 forward
ttgatggtcgggattacaccattgaaaac
>t_3680141 backward
ccgccgcgctgggtaataccattaacgaa
>t_2149160 forward
ctgtcacacgggtataggtgactgacttc
>t_3642518 backward
ctgccgcacaggtttatattggtagtgaa
>t_2197453 backward
agttcgggcagggtaatcccggtgggatg
>t_4323256 backward
gttttcaatggtgtaatcccgaccatcaa
>t_4312828 backward
agcctgcgttgctttagcctgtgtatttt
>t_2942872 forward
atagcgcacagtaccgaagtcgccatgac
>t_2362723 backward
aaagcgcgcagtactatccagtgcaaaat
>t_820273 forward
ggagcgcacagggtaaacgtgaggaaagt
>t_4516338 forward
ttcagggtgagggcatggctgagtgagtt
>t_2367282 forward
gccacaaacggggtaatactgtctgcctc
>t_792406 forward
tttgagcgttccccaggcctatgtaaatg
>t_4683274 forward
atatcggatactgctgcactggtcgaggc
>t_4683282 backward
gcctcgaccagtgcagcagtatccgatat
>t_2396585 backward
gtgaagcgcacattaacactgctcgtgca
>t_3622435 backward
aacacaggcagcataatacaggtaagact
>t_2628874 forward
taccagcgcaggcctggggtctgacggag
>t_4502066 forward
ttttcgcatagtctagatgttcataagac
>t_4428684 forward
cttttgcactgctggaaggagggcgatta
>t_3261446 forward
tttccggatggcctggaactgactgaaca
>t_4068283 forward
gtaaagcaaaccactgcacagtgcgccag
>t_791466 forward
cgctggtacagtcctggattgatgacggt
>t_1226291 backward
ttatcgcaccggataagacagtccatttt
>t_4391543 forward
ccagcgcacagcctggtactgaatctata
>t_2763326 backward
tttagtcccagtcttaacctttcccagga
>t_2866789 backward
ctggggttgagtcctacactgagcgcgcc
>t_2786475 forward
agttcatacagatatacacagcataactc
>t_4497832 forward
caccctgtcggtatagcactgttcaagct
>t_4705390 backward
agtaagtatggtctaaaggtgtgcattcc
>t_3932612 backward
gcaccagtccgcattacactgcgcaacgt
>t_3941218 backward
cgttcgcgcagattaaaaccgtctgtgtt
>t_4746505 forward
acgccggacaggattatccagcctgacgg
>t_963597 backward
gcaatgcccacctatacactgctacgcag
>t_3967712 backward
gacctctacagccttaaggagcacgaaat
>t_1595814 backward
tgacggcaaggggtaatcctgactgaagt
>t_3622427 forward
agtcttacctgtattatgctgcctgtgtt
>t_2628882 backward
ctccgtcagaccccaggcctgcgctggta
>t_1502311 forward
tggctgcacaggcctgcacaacccttgct
>t_791474 backward
accgtcatcaatccaggactgtaccagcg
>t_2396577 forward
tgcacgagcagtgttaatgtgcgcttcac
>EC958_3246757 forward
TTCACGCGCCCTTCCAGACTGGCGTGAGT
>EC958_441325 forward
ATTAACCACGGGGCAGGGCTGCGTAAAAA
>EC958_3936215 backward
caccgcattggtgtagtaaggagcccccc
>EC958_378041 backward
gtttgactcagcgcacaaccatcggccat
>EC958_5044475 forward
TTCTCACCCACCCTGACACCGCGCGGGAT
>EC958_4738758 backward
acagtcctgcggctacaacagtacgtcgt
>EC958_198843 forward
GCCATCGGCTGGCCTATGTCGAGGCTGTC
>EC958_4016280 backward
aaacagcgcaatgtagagcagcgcgattg
>EC958_5009236 backward
ccatcatgctgctccacaccatgcagcgt
>EC958_4186934 backward
aaaccggctactgtaacggttaactgtat
>EC958_166239 forward
AACAAAAGCCTGTCCACCCTGTCCAACAT
>EC958_4990690 forward
ACCTTTGGCAGTCCTGAACTGGCCGACGG
>EC958_4022545 backward
tttgcgttcggtatcgcggatgtgactcg
>EC958_4023217 forward
GGACGTACCGAGACTATTCAGTGCCTGTT
>EC958_4990698 backward
ccgtcggccagttcaggactgccaaaggt
>EC958_4095465 forward
CAGCTGTGTCGGCTTGCCCTGTTCGAAGG
>EC958_4137936 forward
GTTCCACGATGCACTATACAGATGCACCG
>EC958_3757855 forward
GAACAACGCGGCGTAGCACTGCTCATTGT
>EC958_4758081 backward
ctgttagtcagtatagctccatcatcagc
>EC958_4282089 backward
caggcaacgcatcaagaacaggtaatcac
>EC958_4260827 forward
GTTTTGATCACTTCTGCATACCATCCGAA
>EC958_4485453 backward
gaagtagatacccggatacaactcgctta
>EC958_4222435 backward
tccttgtacggtatacaccgcaacccatg
>EC958_183422 backward
atactgtgcacgccatgacagtcctgtag
>EC958_92470 backward
tctttgcgcggtagacgagtgagcggcat
>EC958_4774066 forward
CCATTGAGTGGCTCTGGCGCTCGTGCATT
>EC958_352140 backward
catcttcattaccgtataccgctgcagtg
>EC958_198851 backward
gacagcctcgacataggccagccgatggc
>EC958_4016582 backward
gtgtccatcatccctatagcgcggcccaa
>EC958_4199696 backward
gaccggtaacgtgccatagcgagcaatca
>EC958_3565565 forward
TGAGCCAGCGGTGCTGGCTCTCCCCCATT
>EC958_4016604 backward
ccacgacagtgctttatgctgtgtgtcca
>EC958_3328035 forward
TGCCAGGGCAGGCTTACACCATAAGCAAG
>EC958_3636609 forward
TTTGCGCACTGTATACAGGCGCGAACGAG
>EC958_4200323 backward
gcacagttgccacgtgtactggacgaccc
>EC958_4985989 backward
ccaagaagggagcataccctgcactagta
>EC958_4171139 forward
GTAACCGGCTCATTTAAACCGTCTGGTCT
>EC958_4200315 forward
GGGTCGTCCAGTACACGTGGCAACTGTGC
>EC958_4135059 forward
ATCTGGAGCAACTGTGGGAAGACGCATAC
>EC958_3463323 backward
tttaacggctctcatagacagagaagtta
>EC958_4137939 forward
CCACGATGCACTATACAGATGCACCGGAT
>EC958_183412 backward
cgccatgacagtcctgtagcatcatcacg
>EC958_4672239 backward
tcgtcaccgtatcatacacaccccattgc
>EC958_3936722 forward
TCAATGGCAGTTACTGCTCTGTGCCTGAA
>EC958_4197731 backward
agcactctttaccctgaacagaccggatg
>EC958_4298158 forward
ATAAGGAACGGTACACAGCCGGTCCCCAG
>EC958_4023210 backward
gtctcggtacgtccggcaccaacgagtcc
>EC958_4016574 forward
TTGGGCCGCGCTATAGGGATGATGGACAC
>EC958_4642150 backward
ggcattatggggctggcgtttgtgattaa
>EC958_4200461 forward
CGCACGACCAAGGTTAGTCGGGTCGTTGG
>EC958_4982586 forward
GGCTTGCGCTAGCCCATACTGTGTTGTTT
>EC958_4200803 forward
CTTTTCATCGCTACTGCTCTGGTCGCAAC
>EC958_4200811 backward
gttgcgaccagagcagtagcgatgaaaag
>EC958_2599656 forward
ATACTGAGCTGGTTAATGCTGTGCACACA
>EC958_4042700 forward
ATATCTATGACCTCTACACCGATTACCAC
>EC958_3959530 forward
TACCCGCCCAGTGTAGCGCGGTATAACGC
>EC958_4798813 backward
cgcgcccactgaactgcactgcccaacat
>EC958_3936244 backward
tatttgaccagctcaggtgttacctgact
>EC958_4505869 backward
ttcgatgatggtatagggcttatcccaga
>EC958_423804 backward
tcgcggaccagtcttgatctacgtcacca
>EC958_3298016 forward
GAAACGCACTGCACAGGACTCTGCGGTTT
>EC958_3617851 backward
ttgtgggggagtctgtacgtgtcgacaat
>EC958_3959538 backward
gcgttataccgcgctacactgggcgggta
>EC958_4198127 forward
TTCTTGCCGAGTGTACGAAAACGTCTTCC
>EC958_3947372 forward
ATCTTCACAGGTCCAGGAGTTGACCGGTT
>EC958_4616103 forward
TGCTTTAGTTGTGTATACTCGATCCCGCC
>EC958_4171207 forward
AATGGACACTATCGTATGAAACACCGGAC
>EC958_4171205 forward
TTAATGGACACTATCGTATGAAACACCGG
>EC958_3512401 forward
TTACCGCGCAGTGTAGGACCAATGCGGGT
>EC958_3947222 forward
TTTATCCTGAGTACAAGCCTGAACGATAG
>EC958_4798803 backward
gaactgcactgcccaacattgagcgggca
>EC958_4137947 backward
atccggtgcatctgtatagtgcatcgtgg
>EC958_4022688 backward
tgtgcgagcagcttctgacagcgtagcgt
>EC958_3587261 forward
TCATTGCATGGTCTACGGGCGTTGATGCC
>EC958_4170335 forward
AAGGCACCAGCCTGTATACCGTCTGACTG
>EC958_5009625 backward
cttcgccacggtacaccaaagacgtatcg
>EC958_4023202 forward
GGACTCGTTGGTGCCGGACGTACCGAGAC
>EC958_3617732 forward
CGACAGCGCAGTGTAAGGTGCACCGCTTA
>EC958_5009579 backward
ttcccgtgcagcactgaaccagttaaaag
>EC958_4222822 forward
TTACATGCCAGTCTACAACAACGCTGGAG
>EC958_3764423 backward
ggttcggctacaccagcacagggcactgt
>EC958_4506098 backward
ccaacgcgcgacgcacatctgtgcctccc
>EC958_4137944 backward
cggtgcatctgtatagtgcatcgtggaac
>EC958_2546799 forward
TGACCGCACGGTATAAGGATGCACTACCA
>EC958_4616111 backward
ggcgggatcgagtatacacaactaaagca
>EC958_183697 backward
ctgtatcccattcctatactgcgttcggc
>EC958_3483696 backward
gttgtggacggactaacagtgcacgatag
>EC958_4199977 backward
atcagcagcgttcccagccagtccggcaa
>EC958_3617809 backward
gatatacacactctacgacaccgcaagtc
>EC958_4462803 backward
gctgcggatgggtataaaccgtcgcccga
>EC958_3914604 forward
TTAGTGAATGGACGGATACTGCTCGACCG
>EC958_5011201 backward
ttgctggtcagtctaatgccatggcgtat
>EC958_5019969 backward
gcgagtcgcacctaaggccactcccgctt
>EC958_4505861 forward
TCTGGGATAAGCCCTATACCATCATCGAA
>EC958_4985981 forward
TACTAGTGCAGGGTATGCTCCCTTCTTGG
>EC958_3587269 backward
ggcatcaacgcccgtagaccatgcaatga
>EC958_4172231 backward
caagtgaggtgtccatatcctcactttac
>EC958_3617740 backward
taagcggtgcaccttacactgcgctgtcg
>EC958_4200465 backward
cgacccgactaaccttggtcgtgcgcttt
>EC958_4200469 backward
ccaacgacccgactaaccttggtcgtgcg
>ENC_1735479 backward
ggttcatacactacatacccacctgtgta
>ENC_256708 forward
cttcgcaacggccctggggtttgtgctcg
>ENC_3354041 backward
ttgttgctcagtactaaggtgctgttgtt
>ENC_284255 backward
ctcccgggcagggtatacccttcgcaaaa
>ENC_3354065 backward
ttgttgctcagtactaaggtgctgttgtt
>ENC_3300743 forward
gttttccgccagccagaacggcgcaacag
>ENC_576202 backward
ctgggttgttgccatgatctgtgcaatgt
>ENC_2259140 forward
agttgcatcggcgtcagcccgtcccggct
>ENC_3900921 forward
cactcgctctcctttatcctgtcggtgct
>ENC_2134620 forward
cgttgcatcacctccgaaccactcccact
>ENC_522219 backward
aaagaaataaccactgcactgtctgccat
>ENC_1762579 forward
ctcacgaagggttctgtactcatccaatc
>ENC_3643654 backward
agcaggagcagcttctacctcagtgaggt
>ENC_3354089 backward
ttgttgctcagtactaaggtgatgttgtt
>ENC_4487613 backward
cggacggtcggttttagggtctctgaact
>ENC_335209 forward
gatgcgctaacatctattcttccctgcgc
>ENC_3354113 backward
ttgttgctcagtactaaggtgctgttgtt
>ENC_3353940 forward
aacaacaacaccttagtactgagcaacaa
>ENC_3586819 forward
aaaggggccagggttacccggggagacgc
>ENC_3576650 forward
cgtagtcgctccttaagcccacccagtgt
>ENC_3354137 backward
ttgttgctcagtactaaggtgctgttgtt
>ENC_3862639 backward
acggtgctaagtatggtgctgttcgcctt
>ENC_2164595 backward
aatcgcatcacccgtaaactgcgccaccc
>ENC_2643026 forward
atcgaggccactgtgtgagtgtgcgcttc
>ENC_4464947 backward
cgctcacggactgtaatgccgcccacagc
>ENC_2655398 backward
gatgccgattatctttatgaactgctgga
>ENC_3353948 backward
ttgttgctcagtactaaggtgttgttgtt
>ENC_576094 backward
caacggcggtctctatgccagcctgatga
>ENC_3353892 forward
aacagcagtaccttagtactgagcaacaa
>ENC_3353900 backward
ttgttgctcagtactaaggtactgctgtt
>ENC_300303 backward
gtcaggggcaggattatactcagcacgac
>ENC_3354161 backward
atgttgctcagcactagggtgctgttgtt
>ENC_786193 backward
attttactctgtctaagacccacatttcc
>ENC_318094 forward
ataccatacagggtatgactcactgaaat
>ENC_576429 backward
atcccgggcgggatgatgctggtcccgct
>ENC_3274871 backward
ctggaagcctacccggaactggtcgcgct
>ENC_4500312 backward
acgctgtgctggttaaggctgtgaaagag
>ENC_3321611 backward
gtttgcagcagtaccagactcatccccat
>ENC_3290574 backward
gggtctcacaccctcacccggcccttttt
>ENC_4083185 backward
ttatcgagcgccttaacaccggggaatga
>ENC_3782965 forward
gcgtcacgctatgttcatgtgggcaccgc
>ENC_3412089 backward
aggtgctgctgtcctacgctgagtcgatc
>ENC_4889931 forward
atcttttacgcgtcgtatctgctcaaaaa
>ENC_4499685 forward
tgctgcaacacccccataccgctaaccac
>ENC_334387 backward
tcgctggtctggttaaaggtgcacaactg
>ENC_597339 forward
actttaagcacttcagggccgcctggttt
>ENC_2439441 backward
tcacgtcagagtgtatgaccacgacgtgt
>ENC_3673151 backward
tttcagcactgtctataactggcgtttgc
>ENC_3363429 backward
cttcagcacttgctcacactgctcaatgg
>ENC_1722999 forward
cagatagtcatctttaccctgctcgaccg
>ENC_4500304 forward
ctctttcacagccttaaccagcacagcgt
>ENC_2741448 backward
gtcgcgcgtggtgttggtgttaacgaaaa
>ENC_4476627 forward
acgttacactaatctaagctctggcgcgc
>ENC_1722916 forward
aatgaacgcagccctggggtgttaggcga
>ENC_4524631 backward
tggtgaagcggttttagacatcgtgcaaa
>ENC_340070 forward
ggggcttgcgcccctggatcgatcaggcc
>ENC_3416759 forward
tttccggatggcctggagctgattgagca
>ENC_4487707 backward
tgagtactaacacccgaccagagcgacca
>ENC_1735457 forward
gccctaaccttccatacacaggtgggtat
>ENC_256091 backward
attttgctggcgtccagactgctcgacaa
>ENC_4460737 backward
gcgtagcgttatgctgcaccgtcctaatt
>ENC_4460742 backward
caattgcgtagcgttatgctgcaccgtcc
>ENC_302302 forward
taaatgacaagtgtacgtgtgcgcgcaat
>ENC_2643036 backward
gcgaagcgcacactcacacagtggcctcg
>ENC_2643034 backward
gaagcgcacactcacacagtggcctcgat
>ENC_1735471 forward
tacacaggtgggtatgtagtgtatgaacc
>ENC_3351879 backward
ttgctgatcagcctaagactgtagcgttg
>ENC_4495317 forward
gtaaaggtcagttctactgcggcctcatc
>ENC_2165924 forward
aactccaccacatctaacctgcgttcacc
>ENC_4570048 forward
tcaatgagcgctgtagggctgaagcatct
>ENC_117907 forward
ccgggtttcgggtctataccctgcaactt
>ENC_539586 backward
ctgtaacgcaggctaacctcttcgggcgg
>ENC_1101474 forward
accctgggctgaataaccctgtgcgagct
>ENC_4525185 forward
ttcgtccggagcgtaatagtgtctgcgcc
>ENC_2437024 forward
caggtttgctccccagttctggtcaacgt
>ENC_4465245 forward
attcagcacactacataagggtgtaattc
>ENC_4465247 forward
tcagcacactacataagggtgtaattctg
>ENC_1735605 forward
tacagtcacaggtctagccagccctttaa
>ENC_1534773 backward
aacgtcaccagttcaggacgggcgatacg
>ENC_597347 backward
aaaccaggcggccctgaagtgcttaaagt
>ENC_539565 backward
tcgggcggaacgcgtgttccgcccggctt
>ENC_3143223 backward
ccaccgcagagtcctgtaccggcggcaat
>ENC_2453961 backward
ttgagctacagaccaggactcagtgtagt
>ENC_282496 forward
taaatacgctattcacggcagcggaagtg
>ENC_3166168 backward
ggctcgttctgctccagatagagtttaaa
>ENC_309991 forward
ctggtcaacaggtcaacactgtgtataga
>ENC_4525387 forward
aagaggcgcaggtcagcggtagccccgtg
>ENC_256740 backward
cctgccacaagccataccctgtggcgagc
>ENC_282532 forward
tcgccagtctgttcaggagcgcacgcaga
>ENC_3596121 forward
aggctggacagctccgtactgcttgcgga
>ENC_281975 backward
ggtgttcagagcccagggcttttacatgg
>ENC_2741839 forward
attccctcccccttaagactgaacattac
>ENC_3261529 forward
gttgcggactggttacaggtagcctcctg
>ENC_3567685 forward
ccccgctataccccatacctgtacataac
>ENC_4494142 forward
taaacgcactgctaagaccatgttggcta
>ENC_2721420 backward
aatcgccgcggtacaggaggtagtaacct
>ENC_4494108 forward
taatcgagcaggttaatggtttcctgtgc
>ENC_3643998 forward
tcttcattaagggctaaggagcggtttgc
>ENC_523597 backward
ttccgacacggctctaagctgggcaaacc
>ENC_3650268 forward
tgcctgcgcatcctcgttctggtcaagta
>ROD_4378341 backward
taacgcaggagtcatagcctgtccttgtg
>ROD_4381179 forward
tgacggcgctactggataccatgcgtgct
>ROD_1937301 backward
aaaaagaacagtatagccctggcattatc
>ROD_4565972 forward
gatagcgtaacctttatgccggatggcgg
>ROD_1800348 backward
aagcgaagtgctgtaggcctgataagcga
>ROD_4900494 forward
aaacagcgtggtgttacgctgttggaaat
>ROD_4352460 forward
gtttggctttacccaggacagtacctgcg
>ROD_2161490 backward
taggagtgcggccctgacccgtccaagtc
>ROD_1431332 backward
gaaagcatcattcatactctggccggtag
>ROD_1591063 backward
ttactttgcaggataacaccgctatcgat
>ROD_4509466 forward
aatgcgatcggtattaacccaccagacgc
>ROD_1265788 backward
ttatagatcacggcagtaccgtgcagggt
>ROD_430879 backward
ggatggcgctgtgcttatccggcctacga
>ROD_3091641 forward
ttctctcgctcccttgagcaggggatgag
>ROD_4916210 forward
cttctgctaagtatcggatagagaggtga
>ROD_3717993 backward
ctttgagccacacctactccttccggtca
>ROD_3634977 forward
ttaatccgctgtcctggagtgaggtgatg
>ROD_1811886 forward
tcgctgctgtcacccgaactgagcgcatc
>ROD_5064567 forward
ctgctcctctcatttggggttgcctctgt
>ROD_1095977 forward
tttggcgacagcgttggactgtttggcga
>ROD_4417118 backward
agtctgcacaggtcacacattcagcatgt
>ROD_4283300 backward
ctcaaggaaagtgtagacccatacgccga
>ROD_4952683 backward
cagaagaacacgccataactgtgcggccg
>ROD_3740864 backward
tggtcgcgctggtgtggcccgactatcag
>ROD_4043734 forward
tcggcggacgcctgtagctttactccgct
>ROD_4595846 forward
gaattggtatgtgttggatagggtgcttt
>ROD_3728313 forward
ctttggcagacaccagagctgttgataga
>ROD_4362080 backward
cttatagacaagtctgtgctgcggaacgt
>ROD_1756538 backward
tcatagaacacccttacattgcgcaaaat
>ROD_3822515 forward
aattgcgactccattacagagctacgttg
>ROD_4382920 backward
caaggccccagccccataccgatccatct
>ROD_5308170 forward
taaaggcgcggtactgctgttcctgaaat
>ROD_468828 backward
gaggttagcagaccagtcctgatcaacat
>ROD_2772876 backward
cactggagctgtatagacccaatgttagc
>ROD_4992702 backward
ttcccggacggactggagctggttgaaca
>ROD_4430295 backward
gatagacgcccatccataccacgtgcgtc
>ROD_4283196 backward
accacgcacagggtaacatcacccaaaaa
>ROD_4015434 backward
tatttagacgctatagaggtacctgctgt
>ROD_1756530 forward
attttgcgcaatgtaagggtgttctatga
>ROD_1674880 forward
gtattgccctgtatggcaccggcaaactg
>ROD_281803 forward
aaccggaacgggtaaagagtgtgtggcta
>ROD_4908831 backward
atgacgctcagttctgagttaggcaccat
>ROD_1479542 backward
tgttcgccatcccttatcccaggcatcag
>ROD_3362539 forward
gaacgggccacctttaatgtagccaacgc
>ROD_4060078 forward
gccacgcacaggttaatagaataacgttt
>ROD_3796910 backward
ttactggacagcgcaatggtgggtggatc
>ROD_430868 backward
tgcttatccggcctacgacactgcgggat
>ROD_3693449 backward
gtgtcgctcagttcatatccgcgagaggg
>ROD_3612881 forward
acgccgcactgcccttatctccgctgccg
>ROD_2122489 backward
gtaccggatggctttataccatccggcca
>ROD_4328010 backward
catgtgatgagtggatgtctgagcacatc
>ROD_4042999 backward
ctgtcgctatgagttatactacggccaga
>ROD_4901098 backward
cgttaacagagccctgaccatcgcagaca
>ROD_1674107 backward
aaacggcgcgctccagacgtgcaccagcc
>ROD_4417342 backward
ctgcccctcaacctgagacagcccttcca
>ROD_3892329 forward
tcttactgctgctgtataccgttccggaa
>ROD_1431380 backward
cgggagcggtgcttaagaccattcacccg
>ROD_1332272 forward
cggttctgctgcgctactctgagcgctgc
>ROD_4481788 forward
tgcatgaacaccataagggtagcctctta
>ROD_4740340 backward
agttggaccagtataaggttcaaaagaga
>ROD_2843040 backward
tgtatgcacagcattaacgcgctcagtaa
>ROD_3635013 forward
atccctcgctggcctggggagtgtatgac
>ROD_396849 backward
tgaatgcagagtactgatgcttgtgaaaa
>ROD_4589360 forward
gaagccagcaggttaagactgctttcgta
>ROD_4798954 forward
agcctgagagggtttaccgagtccatatt
>ROD_4334682 backward
ctcttgtgctgttctgtatagattcaaga
>ROD_4283188 forward
tttttgggtgatgttaccctgtgcgtggt
>ROD_5062979 forward
atatcgcaccgtatggagctggctgaaaa
>ROD_4798945 forward
cagttgaccagcctgagagggtttaccga
>ROD_1675201 forward
aagggattcgcacgtataccgacctggag
>ROD_3587300 forward
gaccgggccgggtttattctgttctgaat
>ROD_3634719 backward
ctggcgaacagggttgcccctgatactgc
>ROD_4595903 forward
tgttccaacagtcgtgaaccgtttagtgg
>ROD_4331269 backward
attcttcacacctctgtccatgccctcac
>ROD_823837 backward
agactccacagatccatactgcgtgtaga
>ROD_395222 forward
tggtcactcccacctggagtggtcggcgt
>ROD_3241201 forward
gggcggcgctgccttatccggcccgggaa
>ROD_4733331 forward
tttttgcatggggctgacttgtgctgcgt
>ROD_4481691 forward
aggcgcgggtgcttgagactgtgtgtctc
>ROD_4422375 backward
tgcccacccaccataatacagcgcggccc
>ROD_235979 backward
tactgttacagtcctggcctgagataaat
>ROD_1417901 backward
gactcggactgctgtagcccgcttcaaaa
>ROD_4417128 backward
gccagatggtagtctgcacaggtcacaca
>ROD_4016091 forward
cgcgaaggcagtatagagctacgtggttt
>ROD_3323608 backward
cagcgcgtcaggggtataccgttcagcga
>ROD_4594438 backward
tatcggggcaggtatagtctgtcgcacct
>ROD_3693441 forward
ccctctcgcggatatgaactgagcgacac
>ROD_4283270 forward
tttttacgcactgccggggcgttcggcgt
>ROD_2151942 forward
acaatgcccacctatacactgctacgcag
>ROD_4952675 forward
cggccgcacagttatggcgtgttcttctg
>ROD_3240485 backward
atttcacccgcctcagcactgttatcaac
>ROD_3728148 forward
ccccatcccaggccggagcagcgcagtta
>ROD_5314700 backward
cgggccctcactcctggcctgcgcggaaa
>ROD_5314692 forward
tttccgcgcaggccaggagtgagggcccg
>ROD_684188 forward
aggctggacagtccagggcagggcttgtt
>ROD_4283292 forward
tcggcgtatgggtctacactttccttgag
>ROD_4085904 forward
tggcaacatcgtcctgggcaggactcact
>ROD_3597843 backward
atgcggtacagatagacacagcgcctgat
>ROD_4350756 backward
gccgtcaccaccgcagtactgagcgcaat
>ROD_1733920 forward
tttttaacgaccttaaccctgcgtccact
>BW25113_1084222 backward
gtgatgggctggtcaaagaggtctggttt
>BW25113_3719527 backward
aaacagcgcaatgtagagcagtgcgattg
>BW25113_3774389 forward
CGTTTGCGCCCCCTCACCCTAACCCTCTC
>BW25113_4231537 forward
GTATACAGCAGCATTAAGAACAGCAGTGC
>BW25113_3658295 forward
ACGGCAGACTATCCTCTTCCCGGTCCCCT
>BW25113_3481566 forward
TATTACCGCAGTGTATACCCTGCAACTAT
>BW25113_833553 forward
TTATGAACTTGTTTTATACCGCGTGGCAG
>BW25113_2357808 backward
gtgccaggcagtacaatcccgcagctttg
>BW25113_3658441 backward
ggagcgatcggcgcagagattgtcgaacc
>BW25113_4327078 forward
ACGACGTACTGTTGTAGCCGCAGGACTGT
>BW25113_4327086 backward
acagtcctgcggctacaacagtacgtcgt
>BW25113_3719861 forward
CACTGTCGTGGGTGAGCGCCGCGCTGTTT
>BW25113_870545 forward
AATCCAGACAGCATAAAGGTGGACTCGCA
>BW25113_3647848 backward
tcaccgcattggtgtagtaaggcgcaccc
>BW25113_3647868 forward
AGTCAGGTAACACCTGAGCTGGTCAAATA
>BW25113_730850 backward
tacccacttcctgcaatacagtgtgtagt
>BW25113_3462858 forward
ACAGTGCCCTGTGCTGGTGTAGCCGAACC
>BW25113_59068 forward
ACCCCGGACGGTGCTACCCCGGACGGTGC
>BW25113_4534234 forward
AAGCGGGAGTGGCCTTAGGTGCGACTCGC
>BW25113_3650052 backward
tcttctgccagttgtgagcaatgcagcgg
>BW25113_3314272 forward
ATTGTCGACACGTACAGACTCCCCCACAA
>BW25113_3648376 backward
gacacagccgcttcaggcacagagcagta
>BW25113_3278304 forward
TCATTGCATGGTCTACGGGCGTTGATGCC
>BW25113_3314230 forward
AACTTGCGGTGTCGTAGAGCGTGTATATC
>BW25113_3256868 backward
aatgggggagagccagcaccgctggctca
>BW25113_3629045 backward
acaggtacgtctccataccagtgccagta
>BW25113_298517 forward
GTGATTTTCAGCTCTACATCACCCTGCAA
>BW25113_3184965 forward
TCACCGCACCATTCAGGGCAGAACTGAGT
>BW25113_4527306 forward
GGATGAGGCGCATCTTCCCTGTCCGGTAA
>BW25113_4515056 backward
tcggggatgggccatagacaacgaagaat
>BW25113_3647847 backward
caccgcattggtgtagtaaggcgcacccc
>BW25113_2778655 backward
tttgtgagcgttacaggagcgtggctatg
>BW25113_4535832 forward
ATTGCTCGTGGTACTGCACAGGTCACTAT
>BW25113_59098 forward
AACCCGGACGGTGCTAACCTGGACGGTGC
>BW25113_3199290 backward
tttgggcgcagccatattgcgccagctat
>BW25113_3895713 backward
agcttcggatggtatgcagaggtgatcaa
>BW25113_4057008 forward
TTTGCTCGCGGTGGTACGGTTCGACGTTG
>BW25113_3647839 forward
GGGGTGCGCCTTACTACACCAATGCGGTG
>BW25113_3895710 backward
ttcggatggtatgcagaggtgatcaagac
>BW25113_3658680 forward
CTCGCTGGCGATTCGGGCTAGTGTCCACT
>BW25113_177090 backward
gacagcctcgacataggccagccgatggc
>BW25113_3278312 backward
ggcatcaacgcccgtagaccatgcaatga
>BW25113_4056401 backward
ttttcagacagtattggttaatgatgccg
>BW25113_3726969 forward
GAAGTGCTCGGCCTTAGCGATCGTGTACT
>BW25113_4511846 forward
ATAACGTCCTCTCATAACAGGGTAGCGAC
>BW25113_3760877 forward
TGCCGGGTCAGCAGTATGATGAGGAGTCC
>BW25113_3800832 forward
AGGGCCCACAGGTTAGCACAACCTGATAG
>BW25113_314774 backward
tacgtgatgagttactgggtgaaggcaaa
>BW25113_481818 forward
TTACTGGAGATGTATCTCCTGTGCCCCAC
>BW25113_1337529 backward
ctttggcaatgtctctgagtgcctgttct
>BW25113_4103358 forward
TAAGCGAGTTGTATCCGGGTATCTACTTC
>BW25113_3649996 backward
aaccggtcaactcctggacctgtgaagat
>BW25113_3833276 backward
gttgcgaccagagtagcagcgatgcaaaa
>BW25113_3629037 forward
TACTGGCACTGGTATGGAGACGTACCTGT
>BW25113_59113 forward
AACCTGGACGGTGCTACCGTGAACGGTGC
>BW25113_3895307 forward
TTTTTGACCAGTACAGCATCAGGTTTTGC
>BW25113_4536021 forward
CTTTTGCAACGTGAAGGGCATACTCGTTA
>BW25113_3833268 forward
TTTTGCATCGCTGCTACTCTGGTCGCAAC
>BW25113_3649169 forward
TGTGTGCGTAACCCTGCTCCTTTGCCGCG
>BW25113_2399710 backward
ttaaacgtaatgcctatatggcagaaatg
>BW25113_3448359 backward
ttttgctgatcggcagacccgatcgaaaa
>BW25113_4511845 forward
CATAACGTCCTCTCATAACAGGGTAGCGA
>BW25113_2461927 forward
ATTGTTTGCAGGGTTAGACCATGCAACCG
>BW25113_4327227 forward
CTTGGGCTAAGACATAAACAACTGGCTAC
>BW25113_149484 backward
atgttggacagggtggacaagcatttgtt
>BW25113_3314280 backward
ttgtgggggagtctgtacgtgtcgacaat
>BW25113_3662147 forward
TACCCGCCCAGTGTAGCGCGGTATAACGC
>BW25113_389830 forward
TGGTGACGTAGATCAAGACTGGTCCGCGA
>BW25113_3737274 forward
ACGCGAAGCGGTGGTAAACCGTCCGGAAG
>BW25113_4526141 backward
tcgcagcaccgtcctgatatgccgttctg
>BW25113_3648365 backward
ttcaggcacagagcagtaactgccattga
>BW25113_3719829 backward
gtgtccatcatccctatagcgcggcccaa
>BW25113_59076 backward
gcaccgtccggggtagcaccgtccggggt
>BW25113_4527350 forward
ATACGCCATGGCATTAGACTGACCAGCAA
>BW25113_3894203 forward
AAATAGCCCAGTTCAACACCTGTCTGGTT
>BW25113_3800840 backward
ctatcaggttgtgctaacctgtgggccct
>BW25113_4231535 backward
tcttaatgctgctgtataccgtgccagaa
>BW25113_4593696 forward
TATCAGCGCCATGCTGACCTCCCCGGCAA
>BW25113_3657727 backward
taattaaccagtcaccccccatgccgctg
>BW25113_298525 backward
ttgcagggtgatgtagagctgaaaatcac
>BW25113_288694 backward
tgtacggtctgctatagaccgtaggacca
>BW25113_3355855 backward
gggtggatcagtacaggtagatcctgacg
>BW25113_4056393 forward
CGGCATCATTAACCAATACTGTCTGAAAA
>BW25113_3629038 forward
ACTGGCACTGGTATGGAGACGTACCTGTT
>BW25113_59091 backward
gcaccgtccgggttagcaccgtccggggt
>BW25113_3786698 backward
ctggtcaccagagtatgttttggtatgta
>BW25113_3184773 forward
ATCCGGGTGCGGCCTGTACTGAGCAGTTT
>BW25113_3881878 forward
GATTTGCCCTTCTGTAGCCATCACCAGAG
>BW25113_4535828 backward
gcagtaccacgagcaataccgtggatcac
>BW25113_3649995 backward
accggtcaactcctggacctgtgaagatt
>BW25113_3314169 backward
taagcggcgcaccttacactgcgctgtcg
>BW25113_2161511 forward
ACACCATGTAATCCTACACCTTCTGTCTT
>BW25113_4488002 backward
cagggggccagtctacaagggaccatcaa
>BW25113_148072 backward
atcccactcaacgtaagctgatgaagaga
>BW25113_177082 forward
GCCATCGGCTGGCCTATGTCGAGGCTGTC
>BW25113_4528419 forward
CTGTGTATCCAGCTTGTACCATGCCGTAC
>BW25113_3883551 backward
tgaggatgtagggtaagagagtggctaac
>BW25113_4231527 forward
TTCTGGCACGGTATACAGCAGCATTAAGA
>BW25113_4594102 backward
actcctgactggtataggtatggagctta
>BW25113_1087305 backward
atgctggtcactatgatactgcgctggtt
>NCTC13441_4189624 backward
cttttaactggttcagtgctgcacgggaa
>NCTC13441_4441633 forward
gtaaagatcagtactgggataccgctgat
>NCTC13441_209120 backward
ccgctgcattgctcactactggcagaaga
>NCTC13441_21469 forward
gccatgatcgacgtatgcgtcttcccaca
>NCTC13441_133346 backward
ggactcgttggtgccggacgtaccgagac
>NCTC13441_4972087 forward
ctccagcgttgttgtagactggcatgtaa
>NCTC13441_3670485 backward
ccaatgaaacgttctataccgctctgggt
>NCTC13441_4531954 forward
gcagtttgttgccttaaactgtgcaggct
>NCTC13441_219796 forward
tgcgcgagagggacacatccgcttcaggc
>NCTC13441_4972095 backward
ttacatgccagtctacaacaacgctggag
>NCTC13441_133870 forward
gcttctgacagcgtagcgtcatcaggtca
>NCTC13441_4427642 backward
taaaggtatggctctgactaccctggaaa
>NCTC13441_4421242 backward
aggtcattcaggcttacatcgagagtgga
>NCTC13441_4368087 forward
ttgccgcactggataaggggatcacgtac
>NCTC13441_4935136 forward
gataaagccaccttaatggtgagcggtcg
>NCTC13441_209168 forward
aaccggtcaactcctggacctgtgaagat
>NCTC13441_209112 forward
tcttctgccagtagtgagcaatgcagcgg
>NCTC13441_4396118 backward
tgcccgctcaatgttgggcagtgcagttc
>NCTC13441_133338 forward
gtctcggtacgtccggcaccaacgagtcc
>NCTC13441_4934080 forward
gcttcggatggtatgcagaagtgatcaaa
>NCTC13441_392133 backward
acagtgccctgtgctggtgtagccgaacc
>NCTC13441_4481799 forward
gacctgataagtgtagcccatcaggcaat
>NCTC13441_5023702 forward
gtccggtgtttcatacgatagtgtccatt
>NCTC13441_139695 backward
gcattgattatccatgcactgcgcacccg
>NCTC13441_4709904 backward
gataaatgcagtactaaaggatgtgcgat
>NCTC13441_241944 backward
ttagtgaatggacggatactgctcgaccg
>NCTC13441_139772 backward
aaaacacgctgtatacgcgtaccatttgc
>NCTC13441_17222 backward
gcttgaatgggagctggactgcacagcca
>NCTC13441_3650637 forward
tttttacgcagccctgccccgtggttaat
>NCTC13441_21481 forward
gtatgcgtcttcccacagttgctccagat
>NCTC13441_794777 backward
gttatagtctgttctacactaaagggggc
>NCTC13441_1093257 forward
aggcgcagcacgttaagactctccggccc
>NCTC13441_4972490 backward
catgggttgcggtgtataccgtacaagga
>NCTC13441_4273784 backward
gatatgtatggcccagtaccgggtgatac
>NCTC13441_18624 forward
tcgtggaaccgctgtacccaagactccat
>NCTC13441_4186934 backward
ctgtgtatccagcttgtaccatgccgtac
>NCTC13441_139952 backward
tggacacacagcataaagcactgtcgtgg
>NCTC13441_4216601 forward
aaacaacacagtatgggctagcgcaagcc
>NCTC13441_139687 forward
cgggtgcgcagtgcatggataatcaatgc
>NCTC13441_4396108 backward
atgttgggcagtgcagttcagtgggcgcg
>NCTC13441_458580 forward
actgggcatcccactagaccctctggaaa
>NCTC13441_144374 backward
atggtgttcaggcatagggtagcctcact
>NCTC13441_209995 backward
tgtgtgcgtaaccctgctcctttgccgcg
>NCTC13441_139966 forward
gtgtccatcatccctatagcgcggcccaa
>NCTC13441_144389 backward
taagaggctaaccttatggtgttcaggca
>NCTC13441_139974 backward
ttgggccgcgctatagggatgatggacac
>NCTC13441_4201211 forward
tcggggatgggccatagacaacgaagaat
>NCTC13441_819436 backward
ccgtgggcatgtcctgggcaatgaccaat
>NCTC13441_747136 backward
taaagaacctatgctgacccgctcgaaaa
>NCTC13441_31921 forward
gtattgctcatacctatattgctcgtgaa
>NCTC13441_362143 backward
ggtaggcgcagtactggctacgttaactg
>NCTC13441_4177628 forward
atagtgacctgtgcagtaccacgagcaat
>NCTC13441_457118 forward
gatccacgtcactatatgcagcccgcaaa
>NCTC13441_140276 backward
caatcgcgctgctctacattgcgctgttt
>NCTC13441_4578800 forward
ggcgggatcgagtatacacaactaaagca
>NCTC13441_4994456 backward
cgcacgaccaaggttagtcgggtcgttgg
>NCTC13441_538808 forward
taagcggtgcaccttacactgcgctgtcg
>NCTC13441_4689042 forward
ttcgatgatggtatagggcttatcccaga
>NCTC13441_4689050 backward
tctgggataagccctataccatcatcgaa
>NCTC13441_4187994 forward
ttgctggtcagtctaatgccatggcgtat
>NCTC13441_209176 backward
atcttcacaggtccaggagttgaccggtt
>NCTC13441_18601 forward
atccggtgcatctgtatagtgcatcgtgg
>NCTC13441_18604 forward
cggtgcatctgtatagtgcatcgtggaac
>NCTC13441_4994594 forward
gcacagttgccacgtgtactggacgaccc
>NCTC13441_241936 forward
cggtcgagcagtatccgtccattcactaa
>NCTC13441_674295 backward
ctatcgtgcactgttagtccgtccacaac
>NCTC13441_4994448 forward
ccaacgacccgactaaccttggtcgtgcg
>NCTC13441_18622 backward
gggtacagcggttccacgatgcactatac
>NCTC13441_569279 forward
ggcatcaacgcccgtagaccatgcaatga
>NCTC13441_4995017 backward
attttaagctgtgcagaaccattaagtag
>NCTC13441_197961 forward
tatcgtagctttcctgcacagtctgaacg
>NCTC13441_405590 forward
atgtcaggtagccctggatggagagttac
>NCTC13441_219807 forward
gacacatccgcttcaggcacagagcagta
>NCTC13441_4732116 backward
tcgggcgacggtttatacccatccgcagc
>NCTC13441_590975 forward
aatgggggagagccagcaccgctggctca
>NCTC13441_4010385 backward
ccggcgggtactcctgaagaggtctcaca
>NCTC13441_5024574 forward
cagtcagacggtatacaggctggtgcctt
>NCTC13441_569287 backward
tcattgcatggtctacgggcgttgatgcc
>NCTC13441_219818 forward
ttcaggcacagagcagtaactgccattga
>NCTC13441_18612 backward
gttccacgatgcactatacagatgcaccg
>NCTC13441_18609 backward
ccacgatgcactatacagatgcaccggat
>NCTC13441_209318 forward
ctatcgttcaggcttgtactcaggataaa
>NCTC13441_4994106 forward
gttgcgaccagagcagtagcgatgaaaag
>NCTC13441_3668174 backward
tggtgacgtagatcaagactggtccgcga
>NCTC13441_4436840 backward
gctgatgatggagctatactgactaacag
>NCTC13441_793942 forward
aaaccgcagagtcctgtgcagtgcgtttc
>NCTC13441_4994114 backward
cttttcatcgctactgctctggtcgcaac
>NCTC13441_220312 backward
agtcaggtaacacctgagctggtcaaata
>NCTC13441_538816 backward
cgacagcgcagtgtaaggtgcaccgctta
>NCTC13441_197018 backward
tacccgcccagtgtagcgcggtataacgc
>NCTC13441_113840 forward
gtggtaatcggtgtagaggtcatagatat
>NCTC13441_3905739 backward
gccgaacgcagtataggaatgggatacag
>NCTC13441_4934082 forward
ttcggatggtatgcagaagtgatcaaaac
>NCTC13441_3923181 forward
atgttggacagggtggacaggcttttgtt
>NCTC13441_4208497 forward
ccgtcggccagttcaggactgccaaaggt
>NCTC13441_4177636 backward
attgctcgtggtactgcacaggtcactat
>NCTC13441_4188002 backward
atacgccatggcattagactgaccagcaa
>NCTC13441_1545154 forward
tggtagtgcatccttataccgtgcggtca
>NCTC13441_197010 forward
gcgttataccgcgctacactgggcgggta
>NCTC13441_4208505 backward
acctttggcagtcctgaactggccgacgg
>STM_3692152 forward
gagggtatctgtgctgaggctgtctcacc
>STM_3801390 backward
cactggtgctggcgttgattgctcaaaac
>STM_324228 forward
tcaataaagggggtagagcatgtaccgta
>STM_4282999 forward
aacacaggcagcataatacaggtaagact
>STM_3884289 backward
ccgccgctgctgttagtattgtgcctaat
>STM_4200521 forward
agttcaggctgttgacgaaagcggtaccg
>STM_2356594 forward
ggcacgcacagtgtaaggatgcactacca
>STM_3692026 backward
atagccaccaatcatgagtagtccaccgc
>STM_30401 forward
cgcttacatgaggttacactcatcgacat
>STM_4224102 backward
tctctggatagtgctgctctggcatttat
>STM_3967633 forward
tcatagtgctacctttaacagtgcagggt
>STM_4468573 forward
ttgatggtcgggattacaccattgaaaac
>STM_4468581 backward
gttttcaatggtgtaatcccgaccatcaa
>STM_4688821 backward
ggcaagacctgctctgaagcgtcaaaagg
>STM_4459502 forward
gaggccaagactgctgatgggagcggtag
>STM_4199331 backward
tcacagcgggtagttgttctgcccgctca
>STM_4459304 backward
tttgctaccgctgttactctcggccgcaa
>STM_4459142 forward
gcaacgcaggcttctaaacagaacgatgc
>STM_3349157 backward
tcggcgagctggcgagcggtgcagcctct
>STM_4199100 forward
caatcaccccagttaccaatggtcagtga
>STM_3327890 backward
acgacggacaggactggtatgagtgtcag
>STM_4867242 forward
atggttaacatgcccgcaccgcgtgagcc
>STM_3801606 backward
agaccgtgctgtactacaccgctaactac
>STM_3802123 backward
ccaatacccacctctatacactccatttc
>STM_4160888 backward
cagtagggttgttccagacagtacgcgtt
>STM_4847051 forward
atttcagtcaggtgatgaaactggtggat
>STM_4534860 forward
cgtactggcggtgtagagtctatcgtcag
>STM_4459361 backward
attgggagcagtgctacctacaaactgag
>STM_4640738 forward
acaggtaacgatgccatacagcgccatga
>STM_3956882 backward
ctggggatcagcattggcggtgtcatgtt
>STM_4527503 forward
atcacacgcagggtagacccgcctggata
>STM_4199422 backward
acgtgggcccctaccatagagagcaaaac
>STM_3218283 backward
tgaaggggctctcttcaaccgagcgtgcg
>STM_4867672 forward
ttattagcgtctcctgtcctgcgcagcag
>STM_4868129 forward
aagcgcgccaggtcaggacgtatcaatgg
>STM_2262264 forward
gcgcgcatcggccctacggtacgtgagct
>STM_3817995 forward
tctctacggtatcctgggccgcgccattg
>STM_4589358 backward
ctccagcatacgtacaccctgtgcttcat
>STM_4197206 backward
ggactcgttacgctacgacattgcgcttc
>STM_3884529 backward
tcgacccactaccctattcccagcgcatc
>STM_4261049 backward
caccgggatcgcgctgtactgcgcgacac
>STM_2988413 backward
ttctgccgctatactagcctggtcgtcaa
>STM_3783845 backward
gataccgcctcttcatgactaatcgaaaa
>STM_4196184 backward
cactgggcaagctttaccgtaggcggcgg
>STM_4262629 backward
aatcctcgccagtctggactgcattcccc
>STM_3818003 backward
caatggcgcggcccaggataccgtagaga
>STM_3818056 backward
gaacagggcagtgcagataagcgtcagcg
>STM_3818498 backward
ctgggggtcagtatatatggaaccgatct
>STM_4237783 backward
aaatcacactgttcttaccccgtctactg
>STM_4196814 forward
tatccatactctctttaaccgtacaggca
>STM_4196829 forward
taaccgtacaggcaaagcgtggatgccag
>STM_4262799 backward
attgccggaggtaccacactgcgtaatat
>STM_4731101 forward
aagcaggtcagtgttagcgtcaggatttc
>STM_3348264 forward
acagccagcgcctcaagactgattgaaac
>STM_279473 forward
gtggtagacagtactggcactgcatggcg
>STM_3225869 forward
agcccaggcagtacaaccattactgggac
>STM_4225211 forward
ccgccgcgctgggtaataccattaacgaa
>STM_342056 forward
agattatccaacattgcaggatgcagcat
>STM_4160880 forward
aacgcgtactgtctggaacaaccctactg
>STM_4224396 forward
tgagtccgcactctgagctacaggttgtt
>STM_4732860 forward
ggaatgcacacctttagaccatactcact
>STM_3854843 forward
ctattcgactatacagaactggacccatc
>STM_4160890 forward
gtctggaacaaccctactgggggtgcatt
>STM_4287899 forward
gtagtaagtactccagtactgagcgttgg
>STM_3801598 forward
gtagttagcggtgtagtacagcacggtct
>STM_3801393 forward
tcaacgccagcaccagtgctgtgcaagat
>STM_3801382 forward
gttttgagcaatcaacgccagcaccagtg
>STM_4534868 backward
ctgacgatagactctacaccgccagtacg
>STM_2972141 backward
ctggggttgagtcctacactgagcgcgcc
>STM_4199414 forward
gttttgctctctatggtaggggcccacgt
>STM_4459353 forward
ctcagtttgtaggtagcactgctcccaat
>STM_4262237 forward
gcgcggcactgttaaagagtttggcctgt
>STM_2972133 forward
ggcgcgctcagtgtaggactcaaccccag
>STM_4226078 backward
gggccgccctatgctgaagtagctcagaa
>STM_4262374 forward
tcaccgtttcacctaatagtgagcaggga
>STM_4262621 forward
ggggaatgcagtccagactggcgaggatt
>STM_4225709 backward
aatccgcaaccatccatcctgttgcaggg
>STM_279482 backward
acgccatgcagtgccagtactgtctacca
>STM_3956299 forward
gtggtaatcaggcatagaccgttcctttt
>STM_3692160 backward
ggtgagacagcctcagcacagataccctc
>STM_4262791 forward
atattacgcagtgtggtacctccggcaat
>STM_4200512 forward
ccagcgcccagttcaggctgttgacgaaa
>STM_3957450 forward
tgtgcagccgggcctacgttgctggtaag
>STM_4642377 backward
acccgacacggtgttggccagacgtctta
>STM_4225007 backward
gcgccagactgtgctgaacgggcaattga
>STM_2133903 backward
cgctgaagcggtggtaagacactcccata
>STM_3328020 forward
accgttcccccttgtacggtataccactg
>STM_3783837 forward
ttttcgattagtcatgaagaggcggtatc
>STM_4640746 backward
tcatggcgctgtatggcatcgttacctgt
>STM_3348891 backward
gcactacggccacggctggatcgcaggta
>STM_3348906 backward
gcaaagccccggcatgcactacggccacg
>STM_3349032 backward
cgtctgcagactaatcccgctatgtcgag
>STM_3349149 backward
ctggcgagcggtgcagcctctgacgagcg
>STM_3349196 backward
acaaattgcagtcttatgtcatgcgtgca
>STM_3956307 backward
aaaaggaacggtctatgcctgattaccac
>STM_3125631 forward
atcgcgcgctgtctatcatgctggtttcc
>STM_3746057 backward
atcaccgccagtcctatatctgccgccat
>STM_4473812 forward
gaaggtgacagcctatagtattacattgt
>STM_3854851 backward
gatgggtccagttctgtatagtcgaatag
>STM_4287907 backward
ccaacgctcagtactggagtacttactac
>BN373_4927197 forward
ctggaacacacccatggactcgccgaaaa
>BN373_1600743 backward
cgatttcccgccctaaggctgtagccaca
>BN373_672918 backward
gcagcaggcagagcaggagcgggcggcca
>BN373_161708 forward
atgcctcccagcccaaagctgcatagcca
>BN373_5111995 forward
gccaggcgctactgtggatggcgacgatc
>BN373_5099994 backward
cctcagcgcggtcaggggcagcgcctttc
>BN373_348383 backward
actggactgaccccatgcctgtagacaaa
>BN373_3951826 backward
tggtggcataggtcactacagacctgtgt
>BN373_1114662 backward
atccagcaggctactggccttacttaatg
>BN373_3243783 forward
aatgcgctcgggtatgcacaccgtttatt
>BN373_332353 forward
ctccagcggagccatatcccgtgctaaaa
>BN373_4875452 backward
ttggtagatggcataggcgttagtcgcta
>BN373_412059 forward
ggcatgccatggtttaaccggatgggtga
>BN373_1859875 backward
cgggcgcgcaggcgaaagtcggtcagccg
>BN373_4660206 forward
cgtccggtccgccttgaacacactgtggt
>BN373_1061198 forward
gtctaaagcccccttggcctgattgtgct
>BN373_608196 backward
ctcccggcctcctgtggagagaagagatg
>BN373_4928631 forward
tttagtaccaccaccgacccggtcgcagc
>BN373_357352 backward
tctctgtaagggatataggtaagagcatt
>BN373_4294298 forward
cccgttgacggggtaatactgtgtggaga
>BN373_4226501 backward
ctgcggcacgtgccaggagagattgaaat
>BN373_5195071 forward
ttgcgtaccggttccggactgttctccag
>BN373_357278 backward
agcattaccagggtttgccttatagacaa
>BN373_87292 backward
tgctggcccagctcatacgagcgcgccgt
>BN373_4821885 forward
tgcacgtacacctatattctcggcaaccc
>BN373_330098 forward
aacgaccacacaccagagcttcaccggtt
>BN373_159968 backward
aagttgccctgtgtactccactggggcat
>BN373_709312 forward
tgatgccactgcgttgaccggcaggaagc
>BN373_4926714 backward
aggactcgcaccccaactctctccctgaa
>BN373_331134 forward
gcggccaacagtataagacttacctgaac
>BN373_4821503 backward
tttggggtcagtacaaagtgaggctcccc
>BN373_327626 backward
cgcacgcacagtgttacgctcctggtgac
>BN373_4055535 forward
gaaaggatcggttcaggcctggtgaccgt
>BN373_139357 backward
tcccggcgctggttcagggagcggattcg
>BN373_328409 forward
gattggcgcggtacaaggcaataagttgc
>BN373_2709045 backward
catgtggactagtatggactatgcaagga
>BN373_1696262 backward
agcgtgcgcagccctggggtattcggcga
>BN373_61937 forward
tatcgggaaggggctgacctacgccaaaa
>BN373_1613900 backward
ccggcggtcaccttaggcctgtgggccgg
>BN373_4208689 forward
aacactcgcagcttaaaccatcgcaggat
>BN373_1898101 forward
caggagctgacctctgagcagcgcgagct
>BN373_4821426 forward
atgtggtggacccatacacagtgttgatt
>BN373_1968282 backward
gctctgcacggcgtagacttgcgaagcca
>BN373_3244545 forward
tgcatggatggttcacgaccccccaggta
>BN373_3540743 forward
ttaaaccccagcgtcaccggcatacctac
>BN373_5200887 backward
gaacgagccggaacaacgctgcgcagccc
>BN373_3939323 backward
atccaggacaaccgtatacagcggcagct
>BN373_4937882 forward
ttactgcgctggctaacgccgcgcctgag
>BN373_4226796 forward
gttgaaggcggctgggatcagggcggcaa
>BN373_4512960 forward
cgttggcgcgatccagacccgtctggtcg
>BN373_3830488 backward
tgaatgccctggctcgcactgcggatact
>BN373_4950628 forward
aatgcgcagacatctgctccgcagcaacc
>BN373_17877 forward
tgaccacacggtggtgacctggccatgaa
>BN373_672012 backward
aaacaggccgctcttgagcaggtcaaagc
>BN373_4821472 backward
tgcatgaacaccataagagtagcctctta
>BN373_3170679 forward
tggtcagccagccttacgctacgcgcaat
>BN373_4875887 backward
ctgtagaccactctggaacatggctaatc
>BN373_5114344 forward
gattgccatcccccatgcccgccccgaat
>BN373_3951821 backward
gcataggtcactacagacctgtgtcatga
>BN373_3246469 forward
gaaactgactgctttgtgctgcgggcaaa
>BN373_328667 forward
tttgtaagcaggtaagaaccacttgctcc
>BN373_4725295 backward
tcgatgggcgacgcagagctggctgcgct
>BN373_4739375 forward
tatgcggtaacctataacctgtgcggcgc
>BN373_3980527 backward
tcgcagcgcaggacaagacctgggcagcg
>BN373_4023597 forward
gcgccgcgctgttctggcctgccgccgaa
>BN373_4268374 backward
taattgagggcgttaaggccgtgctgaac
>BN373_356971 forward
atagtcgccacatgtatacaatacatcaa
>BN373_4648228 forward
gtgggcaactgggctggggtgaccgttga
>BN373_3255491 forward
cgtgatacctggcttaaccttatgacgaa
>BN373_993614 backward
cagttggccagggtataggcataggccgc
>BN373_3246835 forward
gcgtagcactcccctcacctgctcatcac
>BN373_3535615 backward
gtagtgcataagccagggctgattccata
>BN373_3253787 forward
ttatcagtacgcttataggtgtgcgcacc
>BN373_2238114 forward
agctggtggagtactaccgcgcgcgcgcc
>BN373_4780652 forward
ccggcgcgcagggtataccctatgccgct
>BN373_4551607 forward
gcgattgccgcactgaagctgggggcggc
>BN373_3268861 forward
tggcgctacggtactgacctgcaggtgtt
>BN373_3242721 forward
tgttgacatagttccacactgtttcattg
>BN373_4876057 backward
gtgatgactccccctacgccgcgcagtga
>BN373_2777782 backward
acttcactcagcatcaaggagtacccagc
>BN373_233011 forward
ctatcgagcaggagtaatctgctatcggc
>BN373_168759 forward
ttgctggtcaccttaacacccgtctgtcg
>BN373_2709973 backward
tcaccgttctgccttacccagtgcgcttt
>BN373_1645339 forward
ctgcagagaagaggtatcgatggacactt
>BN373_1743673 backward
gcgcagcagacattagcccaggtcgcccg
>BN373_1114575 backward
gctttgcgagggctgatattgcctgagca
>BN373_4898276 forward
cgcccgcacggctataatccttgcattca
>BN373_708640 backward
gcgccgcgagggtaaaggtcgtgccgttg
>BN373_5202342 forward
tttaatagaagtactctgctgtgcgggat
>BN373_337401 backward
gcgaagaagacctctatactgaccaaacg
>BN373_579313 forward
ttctctgcaacccttgaaccgatcgatac
>BN373_4283228 forward
agttcgcgcagggtatagtcgcgataacg
>BN373_4820132 forward
gcattcctcgcctccagtgtgtgtaagtt
>BN373_5011015 backward
cctttgcctggctgtataccctctgccag
>BN373_4950045 backward
gatgcgcaaggggtaatgcagggcgggct
>BN373_3927781 backward
cacccagtcgggactgagccgactgctat
>BN373_70682 forward
gtgaaccctggcgttagccagtccacgcc
>BN373_77533 forward
atatcaagcagggtgataccgagcaaacc
>BN373_1083849 backward
gtttctgacaccattgatgtggtcaatga
>BN373_3152570 backward
aaagttaactgccctacactggtgttttt
>SL1344_3914284 backward
caatgcgcaaccgtaaaccagtcgtgaac
>SL1344_3549236 backward
tttgagagggtagtagggtatattgtcac
>SL1344_4457630 forward
ctctccagcctggaccagcccgcttctga
>SL1344_4703713 backward
aaccacactgtatattactacgcgtttca
>SL1344_3914695 backward
ctttttacagcccagagagggctcgccac
>SL1344_4570980 backward
ctgctgcctgtcctgcacagcgcaggctg
>SL1344_4754543 backward
tgccgggcagcatatagcaggtcatgacc
>SL1344_3320964 backward
aaccatacggcttagcatcgcttcatcat
>SL1344_4293070 backward
acgtgaccagtataatagtgcatatcaga
>SL1344_4608762 backward
taacgcgttacctaatgtcgtgcctaaac
>SL1344_4508751 backward
caatactcagtcttacaccgttaacatcc
>SL1344_3736466 backward
cgtctcatgaccttacactgcgcatttat
>SL1344_4863084 backward
gtagtcccagtatagtactgaccagacag
>SL1344_1066022 backward
gcagcaccgacgatactcagaccatcctg
>SL1344_2576850 backward
tatttcactgaatctgtactatgcacaaa
>SL1344_4573705 backward
ttatccaggcgggtctaccctgcgtgtga
>SL1344_4243256 forward
ccgcctacggtaaagcttgcccagtgggc
>SL1344_4344659 forward
gcggcctgtgtacacttgccgcccgccat
>SL1344_3539924 forward
cccctcgtcgtaacactgtgcaaaacgtt
>SL1344_3858794 forward
tgggctcactttgtactgaccccaaaaac
>SL1344_3982098 forward
ccgtgaccaccgcggtactgagcgcgatc
>SL1344_2503776 backward
gcagtatcgcttctagaccacatcgggat
>SL1344_4816559 backward
ttccatgtcgcccagcaccagtccggtta
>SL1344_4079114 backward
gcctgcgcgaccttagcccgtgcgtagtg
>SL1344_135795 backward
tttgacggacaccttaaccgctcgctatc
>SL1344_35373 forward
gttaacatgcccgcaccgcgtgagccgat
>SL1344_2879105 forward
tgaggaggtacagcaccaggtatcaattc
>SL1344_3848648 backward
tcttgcacagcactggtgctggcgttgat
>SL1344_3865741 forward
tcggttccatatatactgacccccagcgc
>SL1344_3739417 backward
ggtgagacagcctcagcacagataccctc
>SL1344_94018 backward
tgtcgatgagtgtaacctcatgtaagcgg
>SL1344_1070437 forward
ctgacctgtattagctcagacctgaactg
>SL1344_3692531 forward
atcccagaaggcctgtacagcgcgaaaac
>SL1344_4520012 backward
caatgtaatactataggctgtcaccttca
>SL1344_133885 forward
ttgagtagtagtagcccagtgaaacgaac
>SL1344_3500934 forward
gcggacggtgtagagccgcgaacgggaca
>SL1344_2763132 forward
aggcgatgtacagacgcggttaaaaattg
>SL1344_3529502 backward
gcttgcccggcctacaacagtgtgagcgg
>SL1344_2763307 forward
agcaccgacgatactcagaccatcctgac
>SL1344_2042243 forward
acactcataccagtcctgtccatcgtccg
>SL1344_4296937 forward
catagcctccatagattgtctggtggatg
>SL1344_4272080 forward
attgcccgttcagcacagtctggcgcgtt
>SL1344_4272874 backward
ctgtgcgcagttaatgtgccgtcactcaa
>SL1344_4309322 backward
caggccaaactctttaacagtgccgcgct
>SL1344_4436642 backward
cagcgcactgtttacgacaatactgtccg
>SL1344_3865246 forward
ctacggtatcctgggccgcgccattggaa
>SL1344_3067773 forward
tgacgaccaggctagtatagcggcagaaa
>SL1344_2042389 forward
ttgtacggtataccactgactcccgactc
>SL1344_4581056 forward
actggcggtgtagagtctatcgtcagcca
>SL1344_4867188 backward
tccagcacggtatagagctctgtcaccgg
>SL1344_3199325 forward
cgacgcggtataagacggaacgcgaatgc
>SL1344_428558 forward
tggcgccatatagacccaacccagaccga
>SL1344_3728430 backward
taacgccctgtactggatggagcgttttg
>SL1344_4309459 backward
ccctgctcactattaggtgaaacggtgac
>SL1344_3549230 forward
gacaatataccctactaccctctcaaaac
>SL1344_4208214 forward
gcgtactgtctggaacaaccctactgggg
>SL1344_36335 backward
tgtcgaccggaacagatcagcaaattgtt
>SL1344_36264 backward
cattgatacgtcctgacctggcgcgcttc
>SL1344_3200153 forward
tcggtgagtcccatactgagctgacaggt
>SL1344_2946963 forward
cctgggaaaggttaagactgggactaaaa
>SL1344_2042728 backward
cagggatggcatctgtacagccagcgaaa
>SL1344_4457629 forward
tctctccagcctggaccagcccgcttctg
>SL1344_4284852 forward
ccagtagacggggtaagaacagtgtgatt
>SL1344_427550 backward
tgcagaccagtcttgatcaacatcaccgc
>SL1344_2979048 backward
cgcgggcaagcccaacacgctgacgcatc
>SL1344_4334984 backward
caacgctcagtactggagtacttactacg
>SL1344_3865250 backward
aatggcgcggcccaggataccgtagagaa
>SL1344_3905716 backward
acttggtcggtgtagtagtgaccgcacca
>SL1344_3652667 backward
gccttcgctgtcctggactgagacaacgt
>SL1344_4504573 backward
ttgggagcagtgctacctacaaactgagg
>SL1344_3858798 backward
ttggggtcagtacaaagtgagcccacctc
>SL1344_4517113 backward
cctaccaccagggtagcaataaccactcc
>SL1344_4334980 forward
gtaagtactccagtactgagcgttgggca
>SL1344_3204996 backward
gaaaccagcatgatagacagcgcgcgatt
>SL1344_3051503 forward
gcgctcagtgtaggactcaaccccaggtc
>SL1344_2385388 forward
acgcacagtgtaaggatgcactaccatct
>SL1344_4208218 backward
agtagggttgttccagacagtacgcgttc
>SL1344_94014 forward
ttacatgaggttacactcatcgacatttc
>SL1344_3529498 forward
tcacactgttgtaggccgggcaagcgtag
>SL1344_4315708 backward
ccttcccctgtgctacactgcgcgccact
>SL1344_2245780 forward
tttaccacttctgtactgcacgttggcgc
>SL1344_2245674 forward
aggcaccgtgtatagctgcgttgtcacac
>SL1344_3831617 backward
gccttatcaagcctacaccgtacctgtag
>SL1344_3728426 forward
acgctccatccagtacagggcgttaccca
>SL1344_341978 backward
cgccatgcagtgccagtactgtctaccac
>SL1344_1066008 backward
actcagaccatcctgactgcctcgacgga
>SL1344_3500938 backward
ccgttcgcggctctacaccgtccgcaaac
>SL1344_3739601 backward
ggttccccagtgtggggagcagtcactca
>SL1344_4079106 forward
cactacgcacgggctaaggtcgcgcaggc
>SL1344_3848849 forward
gttagcggtgtagtacagcacggtctgac
>SL1344_4310018 backward
tcactaccaatataaacctgtgcggcagc
>SL1344_4315704 forward
gcgcgcagtgtagcacaggggaaggaggg
>SL1344_4309876 backward
ttgccggaggtaccacactgcgtaatatg
>SL1344_4246494 forward
ttgctctctatggtaggggcccacgttac
>SL1344_2763321 forward
tcagaccatcctgactgcctcgacggatg
>SL1344_4308126 backward
accgggatcgcgctgtactgcgcgacacg
>SL1344_4003547 forward
tggtaatcaggcatagaccgttccttttg
>SL1344_4309706 backward
atcctcgccagtctggactgcattcccca
>SL1344_16491 forward
tttcagcctggtctaggtcactctattct
>SL1344_3630398 forward
cagcaaataccctagcaccgcgccgatgc
>ERS227112_273813 backward
ccggtattcatccctgaacaccggaagtc
>ERS227112_321892 forward
gcaatccgcagggtacgcaacgccttcag
>ERS227112_1453112 forward
acggtcaccaggcctgaaccgatcctttc
>ERS227112_260114 forward
cggtggcaccatcgtcctcctctgaactg
>ERS227112_273942 forward
gatgttcagggtggaacggtggcaccatc
>ERS227112_1946134 forward
gcagcgcgctgtctaccgttgcgcaggct
>ERS227112_1237992 forward
gaactcgacaggcctgcgctgcgtgaaac
>ERS227112_272898 backward
tgaacagcagcccttgcaccggggatcgc
>ERS227112_273958 forward
cggtggcaccatcgtcctcctctgaactg
>ERS227112_259056 backward
tgaacagcagcccttgcaccggggatcgc
>ERS227112_5851107 backward
taagcgcacagtatatgaatgtatcgcct
>ERS227112_277276 backward
ctcatggacggttgtaaggttccctgcat
>ERS227112_264664 backward
gcatcaaccacctgcacaccgttctcgat
>ERS227112_259264 backward
ggaaagcgcagccttatccctggataagg
>ERS227112_273950 forward
gggtggaacggtggcaccatcgtcctcct
>ERS227112_277268 forward
atgcagggaaccttacaaccgtccatgag
>ERS227112_259120 forward
gattttgtgacttataacccgcctcatga
>ERS227112_363711 backward
aacttgcactgtattgagatgttaccggc
>ERS227112_130418 backward
gagtgtcacggtatcaggttgcctccaca
>ERS227112_258932 forward
acgctgctcacccggaagaggggctgaaa
>ERS227112_134078 backward
ttcatgcgcagtatcgggatgaacgctgg
>ERS227112_272847 forward
aaatattgcgaccttaaacagtcgcattg
>ERS227112_1113838 backward
cttatcgcctgcctgtggctggccatgaa
>ERS227112_259479 backward
catcgggcccgcttaccaccaccaccttg
>ERS227112_272962 forward
gattttgtgacttataacccgcctcatga
>ERS227112_259969 backward
ccggtattcatccctgaacaccggaagtc
>ERS227112_260098 forward
gatgttcagggtggaacggtggcaccatc
>ERS227112_259411 forward
aagactgaagatattaaggggttgggaga
>ERS227112_272774 forward
acgctgctcacccggaagaggggctgaaa
>ERS227112_273323 backward
catcgggcccgcttaccaccaccaccttg
>ERS227112_259420 forward
gatattaaggggttgggagagttgaaaga
>ERS227112_273264 forward
gatattaaggggttgggagagttgaaaga
>ERS227112_273106 backward
ggaaagcgcagccttatccctggataagg
>ERS227112_273255 forward
aagactgaagatattaaggggttgggaga
>ERS227112_259005 forward
aaatattgcgaccttaaacagtcgcattg
>ERS227112_259428 backward
tctttcaactctcccaaccccttaatatc
>ERS227112_1113830 forward
ttcatggccagccacaggcaggcgataag
>ERS227112_695960 backward
attccgcgcaggatatcgatcggcagctg
>ERS227112_363703 forward
gccggtaacatctcaatacagtgcaagtt
>ERS227112_259755 forward
tgatggttctgtcattgaaagtctgggga
>ERS227112_273805 forward
gacttccggtgttcagggatgaataccgg
>ERS227112_260122 forward
ccatcgtcctcctctgaactgacggggat
>ERS227112_259541 forward
agcacggtgagcttgaagggtaccgcgcc
>ERS227112_260117 forward
tggcaccatcgtcctcctctgaactgacg
>ERS227112_260106 forward
gggtggaacggtggcaccatcgtcctcct
>ERS227112_273098 forward
ccttatccagggataaggctgcgctttcc
>ERS227112_259607 forward
cgggtaagcaggttaaagggccggatcca
>ERS227112_273948 forward
cagggtggaacggtggcaccatcgtcctc
>ERS227112_1497748 backward
gtcatcagcggttatagaccgcgcgcgac
>ERS227112_259545 forward
cggtgagcttgaagggtaccgcgccagtg
>ERS227112_260104 forward
cagggtggaacggtggcaccatcgtcctc
>ERS227112_1497740 forward
gtcgcgcgcggtctataaccgctgatgac
>ERS227112_260096 forward
gggatgttcagggtggaacggtggcacca
>ERS227112_260104 backward
tggtgccaccgttccaccctgaacatccc
>ERS227112_259490 forward
gggcccgatggtatggtgataaaaagcgt
>ERS227112_260091 forward
tatccgggatgttcagggtggaacggtgg
>ERS227112_259913 backward
ttgcttaccagttaccatcccggtaaaca
>ERS227112_273749 forward
tgtttaccgggatggtaactggtaagcaa
>ERS227112_5849605 forward
agacaacgtcattgtggatagcgccgtat
>ERS227112_273748 forward
ttgtttaccgggatggtaactggtaagca
>ERS227112_259048 forward
gcgatccccggtgcaagggctgctgttca
>ERS227112_273451 forward
cgggtaagcaggttaaagggccggatcca
>ERS227112_259487 forward
agcgggcccgatggtatggtgataaaaag
>ERS227112_273289 forward
aagagggtaaacctaaaacccctaaacaa
>ERS227112_273302 forward
taaaacccctaaacaaggtggtggtggta
>ERS227112_273935 forward
tatccgggatgttcagggtggaacggtgg
>ERS227112_260099 backward
ccaccgttccaccctgaacatcccggata
>ERS227112_581015 forward
tgattgtccggtcctggagcgagcgtgcc
>ERS227112_581023 backward
ggcacgctcgctccaggaccggacaatca
>ERS227112_273312 forward
aaacaaggtggtggtggtaagcgggcccg
>ERS227112_273314 forward
acaaggtggtggtggtaagcgggcccgat
>ERS227112_273315 forward
caaggtggtggtggtaagcgggcccgatg
>ERS227112_273940 forward
gggatgttcagggtggaacggtggcacca
>ERS227112_272890 forward
gcgatccccggtgcaagggctgctgttca
>ERS227112_259961 forward
gacttccggtgttcagggatgaataccgg
>ERS227112_265256 backward
ccaccacccggccgccatcagcttccgta
>ERS227112_259256 forward
ccttatccagggataaggctgcgctttcc
>ERS227112_273399 forward
gaagggtaccgcgccagtgatggcgaaca
>ERS227112_273325 forward
gtggtaagcgggcccgatggtatggtgat
>ERS227112_282157 backward
gagtcgttctgtccagcaccgcgccaagt
>ERS227112_273599 forward
tgatggttctgtcattgaaagtctgggga
>ERS227112_259905 forward
tgtttaccgggatggtaactggtaagcaa
>ERS227112_259904 forward
ttgtttaccgggatggtaactggtaagca
>ERS227112_1485063 backward
gcgccgcgctgttctggcctgccgccgaa
>ERS227112_273331 forward
agcgggcccgatggtatggtgataaaaag
>ERS227112_259481 forward
gtggtaagcgggcccgatggtatggtgat
>ERS227112_273943 backward
ccaccgttccaccctgaacatcccggata
>ERS227112_273966 forward
ccatcgtcctcctctgaactgacggggat
>ERS227112_273334 forward
gggcccgatggtatggtgataaaaagcgt
>ERS227112_259445 forward
aagagggtaaacctaaaacccctaaacaa
>ERS227112_259458 forward
taaaacccctaaacaaggtggtggtggta
>ERS227112_273961 forward
tggcaccatcgtcctcctctgaactgacg
>ERS227112_259468 forward
aaacaaggtggtggtggtaagcgggcccg
>ERS227112_259470 forward
acaaggtggtggtggtaagcgggcccgat
>ERS227112_273757 backward
ttgcttaccagttaccatcccggtaaaca
>ERS227112_273385 forward
agcacggtgagcttgaagggtaccgcgcc
>ERS227112_273389 forward
cggtgagcttgaagggtaccgcgccagtg
>ERS227112_259471 forward
caaggtggtggtggtaagcgggcccgatg
>ERS227112_273948 backward
tggtgccaccgttccaccctgaacatccc
>ERS227112_259555 forward
gaagggtaccgcgccagtgatggcgaaca
>SL3261_96672 forward
gcaaggggcagcccttgaatgaccaacac
>SL3261_4365232 backward
gcggggagtagtgtaataccactgcccgc
>SL3261_4309323 backward
acaggccaaactctttaacagtgccgcgc
>SL3261_4271538 backward
ttatcgctatgctgatgactgccgggcta
>SL3261_4581061 backward
ctgacgatagactctacaccgccagtacg
>SL3261_4330505 forward
gtcggagatagccgtgtacaaggggaatc
>SL3261_4309877 backward
attgccggaggtaccacactgcgtaatat
>SL3261_4635534 forward
gaagcacagggtgtacgtatgctggagca
>SL3261_1137144 forward
gctctgctccatcttatactgctgcttag
>SL3261_3932642 forward
tgttcgtacacatcaagattgacgatagt
>SL3261_4272761 forward
aaagaaacgggtgcaggaccctgcaacag
>SL3261_3865738 forward
agatcggttccatatatactgacccccag
>SL3261_4167710 backward
ctacatacaagtgtagcaccgttcgctgc
>SL3261_4635532 forward
atgaagcacagggtgtacgtatgctggag
>SL3261_3639212 forward
cggtgacggcggtatacaccatccagtta
>SL3261_3865746 backward
ctgggggtcagtatatatggaaccgatct
>SL3261_3756379 forward
tcttcagaccgtcctgcaccgcgcgcgcc
>SL3261_4309869 forward
atattacgcagtgtggtacctccggcaat
>SL3261_4073153 backward
gccaaggatagattacaacagaggatgag
>SL3261_4773685 forward
tcagcgataaccattgaaccattgggtcc
>SL3261_2695345 backward
attttgcggcgttctgaacagggccagtt
>SL3261_3594882 forward
tttgcgccctgttgtacacaccaggagag
>SL3261_3569229 backward
gtcatcaccgagtctaccccttgcaaacg
>SL3261_4170898 backward
atccggcacagtatcgctctaaagccata
>SL3261_2878562 forward
acttcaaacggtacagaagtgaagtcctt
>SL3261_3936222 forward
atcacacgctgctcaataccaagctcccg
>SL3261_3634938 forward
actatcgtcagtgtagcgccatgccgttg
>SL3261_3728431 backward
gtaacgccctgtactggatggagcgtttt
>SL3261_3831610 forward
tacaggtacggtgtaggcttgataaggcg
>SL3261_4208221 forward
gtctggaacaaccctactgggggtgcatt
>SL3261_4208211 forward
aacgcgtactgtctggaacaaccctactg
>SL3261_3549237 backward
ttttgagagggtagtagggtatattgtca
>SL3261_3549229 forward
tgacaatataccctactaccctctcaaaa
>SL3261_4031694 forward
atcatggacaggccaggattgccagaaca
>SL3261_4202489 backward
ttttcagactgtcctggaactcctgaagt
>SL3261_3701642 forward
actttagtcagtgtaatccgtatcaaatc
>SL3261_4700953 forward
tttataaacaccctaaagctggtcgcgat
>SL3261_4000874 backward
ggctttggtgagtcagtatagtgcaattc
>SL3261_4570973 forward
agcctgcgctgtgcaggacaggcagcaga
>SL3261_3934688 forward
gcgattgatacccccacaccatcaagata
>SL3261_3849371 backward
ccaatacccacctctatacactccatttc
>SL3261_4353444 forward
tgcgtgagcggtgtagcgcatacctatat
>SL3261_3051508 backward
ctggggttgagtcctacactgagcgcgcc
>SL3261_2838190 backward
acattgaccagcttcatactgagaagctg
>SL3261_4513866 backward
tagcgccaccatccagggttacgcgtacc
>SL3261_3935007 forward
ttgtgacacggggtaagccccccaactat
>SL3261_3935014 forward
acggggtaagccccccaactatgccaggg
>SL3261_3297616 forward
cgcacgctcggttgaagagagccccttca
>SL3261_208893 backward
aaaacactcactgtggcactggccgccat
>SL3261_358289 backward
gggtcgagcagcgttacgtgtagccccac
>SL3261_3728423 forward
aaaacgctccatccagtacagggcgttac
>SL3261_2385393 backward
tggtagtgcatccttacactgtgcgtgcc
>SL3261_2161369 forward
cagcagcacacgcctgagccatcccataa
>SL3261_4293071 backward
aacgtgaccagtataatagtgcatatcag
>SL3261_4315709 backward
tccttcccctgtgctacactgcgcgccac
>SL3261_3736459 forward
taaatgcgcagtgtaaggtcatgagacga
>SL3261_3646114 backward
tcgccgaccagtactgcgccgagcagcgt
>SL3261_3932300 forward
agctcagatggcatagggctggtagattc
>SL3261_3529503 backward
cgcttgcccggcctacaacagtgtgagcg
>SL3261_3935196 forward
atcaaggtgcgttatgcgctgtactacct
>SL3261_3887198 forward
gacctctacagccttaaggagcacgaaat
>SL3261_3935206 forward
gttatgcgctgtactacctctggatcttt
>SL3261_4735005 backward
ggcaagacctgctctgaagcgtcaaaagg
>SL3261_3630397 forward
ccagcaaataccctagcaccgcgccgatg
>SL3261_4686928 backward
tcatggcgctgtatggcatcgttacctgt
>SL3261_4003546 forward
gtggtaatcaggcatagaccgttcctttt
>SL3261_4573696 forward
atcacacgcagggtagacccgcctggata
>SL3261_3500939 backward
cccgttcgcggctctacaccgtccgcaaa
>SL3261_3354949 forward
ccatcggactgtgtacgcccccggtaggc
>SL3261_3858799 backward
tttggggtcagtacaaagtgagcccacct
>SL3261_4582781 forward
cgggtagacggtgtagcgatatccggaag
>SL3261_3692530 forward
gatcccagaaggcctgtacagcgcgaaaa
>SL3261_3646106 forward
acgctgctcggcgcagtactggtcggcga
>SL3261_135788 forward
atagcgagcggttaaggtgtccgtcaaac
>SL3261_3269704 forward
gcaacgcatcgtccagatccgtctgtttt
>SL3261_3831093 backward
gataccgcctcttcatgactaatcgaaaa
>SL3261_4334977 forward
gtagtaagtactccagtactgagcgttgg
>SL3261_389671 backward
ttcatggttgcttcagacccgatcctggc
>SL3261_2385385 forward
ggcacgcacagtgtaaggatgcactacca
>SL3261_4208219 backward
cagtagggttgttccagacagtacgcgtt
>SL3261_3905709 forward
ggtgcggtcactactacaccgaccaagta
>SL3261_4014879 forward
tcatagtgctacctttaacagtgcagggt
>SL3261_3849625 forward
aatgggtgcgctgtacgcctggtgttgca
>SL3261_3848846 forward
gtagttagcggtgtagtacagcacggtct
>SL3261_3500931 forward
tttgcggacggtgtagagccgcgaacggg
>SL3261_3931767 forward
gatgcgctgggaatagggtagtgggtcga
>SL3261_3848641 forward
tcaacgccagcaccagtgctgtgcaagat
>SL3261_4308119 forward
gtgtcgcgcagtacagcgcgatcccggtg
>SL3261_3336589 backward
gtcgggggtggggttatacagcgtccatg
>SL3261_3936467 forward
atcttgcgctgagataccccgtgccatga
>SL3261_4003554 backward
aaaaggaacggtctatgcctgattaccac
>SL3261_4273148 forward
ttctgagctacttcagcatagggcggccc
>SL3261_3865251 backward
caatggcgcggcccaggataccgtagaga
>SL3261_3439498 forward
tttccggatggcctggaactgactgaaca
>SL3261_4688551 forward
taagacgtctggccaacaccgtgtcgggt
>SL3261_3204140 backward
tatgcggccagtatgttagaggccaggcg
>SL3261_4703714 backward
gaaccacactgtatattactacgcgtttc
>SL3261_3936008 forward
agcacccggagtgtaaagctcaccattca
>SL3261_4315701 forward
gtggcgcgcagtgtagcacaggggaagga
>SL3261_4334985 backward
ccaacgctcagtactggagtacttactac
>STMMW_3398145 backward
gtttcaatcagtcttgaggcgctggctgt
>STMMW_3880145 forward
ggctggagcagccttgtcttgaacatctt
>STMMW_3632444 forward
aagccggacagctataggtgtaaagggga
>STMMW_2023573 backward
cgaaggcgatgtgggatgccgcccagcgt
>STMMW_3866866 backward
gaacagggcagtgcagataagcgtcagcg
>STMMW_3916250 forward
tggcgagccctctctgggctgtaaaaagg
>STMMW_4309444 backward
caccgggatcgcgctgtactgcgcgacac
>STMMW_4851239 forward
aaacgtgacgcgcttatagtgctcgacgg
>STMMW_3936570 forward
ttgtgacacggggtaagccccccaactat
>STMMW_4521420 backward
acaatgtaatactataggctgtcaccttc
>STMMW_3937805 forward
aagctcccgactataggcctggcactttt
>STMMW_3275756 backward
gtcccagtaatggttgtactgcctgggct
>STMMW_4208682 backward
gttacgctcatgacagaacagatcgcggg
>STMMW_3937804 forward
caagctcccgactataggcctggcacttt
>STMMW_3937785 forward
atcacacgctgctcaataccaagctcccg
>STMMW_3325487 forward
ccatcggactgtgtacgcccccggtaggc
>STMMW_3937775 forward
accataccagatcacacgctgctcaatac
>STMMW_3377919 forward
cccttgtacggtataccactgattaccga
>STMMW_3936251 forward
gcgattgatacccccacaccatcaagata
>STMMW_4775092 forward
tcagcgataaccattgaaccattgggtcc
>STMMW_4736412 backward
ggcaagacctgctctgaagcgtcaaaagg
>STMMW_4317026 backward
tccttcccctgtgctacactgcgcgccac
>STMMW_4689958 forward
taagacgtctggccaacaccgtgtcgggt
>STMMW_2873703 backward
tcggcgatcgccttaaggctactgctctt
>STMMW_3378072 forward
tgatgagccagcccctaactgaacatcta
>STMMW_4705121 backward
gaaccacactgtatattactacgcgtttc
>STMMW_4572380 forward
agcctgcgctgtgcaggacaggcagcaga
>STMMW_4317018 forward
gtggcgcgcagtgtagcacaggggaagga
>STMMW_3268154 forward
cgcacgctcggttgaagagagccccttca
>STMMW_4005683 forward
aacatgacaccgccaatgctgatccccag
>STMMW_3937571 forward
agcacccggagtgtaaagctcaccattca
>STMMW_2187309 forward
cagcagcacacgcctgagccatcccataa
>STMMW_3220103 forward
agatttgcacgttcagtaccgtaccggca
>STMMW_4636939 forward
atgaagcacagggtgtacgtatgctggag
>STMMW_3550956 backward
ttttgagagggtagtagggtatattgtca
>STMMW_4274465 forward
ttctgagctacttcagcatagggcggccc
>STMMW_3011415 backward
ctaaggatgatctcataactctccgggag
>STMMW_3502658 backward
cccgttcgcggctctacaccgtccgcaaa
>STMMW_3741333 forward
gcttgccaccatcttagccggtatgcttt
>STMMW_3867513 forward
ttttcgcttaatgtatgacagcctggcca
>STMMW_4336302 backward
ccaacgctcagtactggagtacttactac
>STMMW_4309436 forward
gtgtcgcgcagtacagcgcgatcccggtg
>STMMW_4336294 forward
gtagtaagtactccagtactgagcgttgg
>STMMW_4310640 backward
acaggccaaactctttaacagtgccgcgc
>STMMW_3850933 backward
ccaatacccacctctatacactccatttc
>STMMW_4702360 forward
tttataaacaccctaaagctggtcgcgat
>STMMW_3850203 forward
tcaacgccagcaccagtgctgtgcaagat
>STMMW_4688335 backward
tcatggcgctgtatggcatcgttacctgt
>STMMW_446808 backward
cctgcctccagctccagatcgttcgacaa
>STMMW_133880 forward
gcgttgagtagtagtagcccagtgaaacg
>STMMW_3933330 forward
gatgcgctgggaatagggtagtgggtcga
>STMMW_4016442 forward
tcatagtgctacctttaacagtgcagggt
>STMMW_4515273 backward
tagcgccaccatccagggttacgcgtacc
>STMMW_4674918 backward
cattctgatggtgctaatctggtcgattg
>STMMW_3888760 forward
gacctctacagccttaaggagcacgaaat
>STMMW_3738010 forward
taaatgcgcagtgtaaggtcatgagacga
>STMMW_3021920 backward
ctggggttgagtcctacactgagcgcgcc
>STMMW_4005108 forward
gtggtaatcaggcatagaccgttcctttt
>STMMW_4438063 backward
tcagcgcactgtttacgacaatactgtcc
>STMMW_2721972 backward
catacgattaggccagggctgtgttaaaa
>STMMW_4508358 forward
tcagtgttcaggtatgggatgccatgtct
>STMMW_4575103 forward
atcacacgcagggtagacccgcctggata
>STMMW_3174684 backward
tatgcggccagtatgttagaggccaggcg
>STMMW_4766038 backward
taaccaataagtattacactgatatcact
>STMMW_2271611 forward
accaggcaccgtgtatagctgcgttgtca
>STMMW_905966 forward
aagtcagtcacctatacccgtgtgacaga
>STMMW_430689 backward
ttcatggttgcttcagacccgatcctggc
>STMMW_3933863 forward
agctcagatggcatagggctggtagattc
>STMMW_2853659 backward
acattgaccagcttcatactgagaagctg
>STMMW_208891 backward
aaaacactcactgtggcactggccgccat
>STMMW_3860361 backward
tttggggtcagtacaaagtgagcccacct
>STMMW_3832655 backward
gataccgcctcttcatgactaatcgaaaa
>STMMW_4209548 backward
cagtagggttgttccagacagtacgcgtt
>STMMW_3932229 backward
actttcctgagggtagagctggctgtttc
>STMMW_3175541 backward
ggaaaccagcatgatagacagcgcgcgat
>STMMW_3938030 forward
atcttgcgctgagataccccgtgccatga
>STMMW_4074408 backward
attttttgctgtgtaagtgagtagtctat
>STMMW_3038184 forward
ttgacgaccaggctagtatagcggcagaa
>STMMW_2411343 backward
tggtagtgcatccttacactgtgcgtgcc
>STMMW_2411335 forward
ggcacgcacagtgtaaggatgcactacca
>STMMW_4002436 backward
ggctttggtgagtcagtatagtgcaattc
>STMMW_4182035 backward
tttcagggtggttcagccgcagctgaatc
>STMMW_4560376 backward
tgacccccctgcattatgttagccaacat
>STMMW_4182122 backward
tgttgtcgcagcttatgtcggcgtcaata
>STMMW_3833172 forward
tacaggtacggtgtaggcttgataaggcg
>STMMW_4778700 backward
gaaatcctgacgctaacactgacctgctt
>STMMW_2271717 forward
gcgtttaccacttctgtactgcacgttgg
>STMMW_4272855 backward
ttatcgctatgctgatgactgccgggcta
>STMMW_135786 forward
atagcgagcggttaaggtgtccgtcaaac
>STMMW_3866813 backward
caatggcgcggcccaggataccgtagaga
>STMMW_4305300 forward
tttgcggccaatcatgagttgttcaccct
>STMMW_2529727 backward
tgcagtatcgcttctagaccacatcggga
>STMMW_3850408 forward
gtagttagcggtgtagtacagcacggtct
>STMMW_3936759 forward
atcaaggtgcgttatgcgctgtactacct
>STMMW_4209540 forward
aacgcgtactgtctggaacaaccctactg
>STMMW_3867308 backward
ctgggggtcagtatatatggaaccgatct
>STMMW_3975698 backward
ttactggtgcccactattgtgcccccaaa
>STMMW_3851187 forward
aatgggtgcgctgtacgcctggtgttgca
>STMMW_4005116 backward
aaaaggaacggtctatgcctgattaccac
>STMMW_3017444 forward
cggcatatatccgcaaaggtcatcatatc
